In case anyone wanted to know why Bill Burr is in trouble I put together clips of his hilarious Grammy appearance. I thought by now people would know he can't read out loud.
This cup makes me laugh so hard!
Daddy you can put on your Music 🤣
buuurn
Bet she didn't expect that
Low effort shit post about Axl Rose post
Big brain #001
"leave the door open" - door cover
The two men who ruined the country
The question has been answered
Sign in the ER bathroom. Wasn’t planning on it, but thanks.
Nature...It Burns!
butter knife
His favorite place is his bed.
We all have demons and something they win
B.J. Bowen’s podcast: cancer for your ears
Talk about PASSED OUT! My dudes head is hangin low! Lol
Hey Mr. Policeman, we all know you liked it.
Peeping tom at our hotel
Oh look a dandelion!
Spring Break has arrived. The fridge has been converted. Ready to party! (listen to the sweet sound of the bottles)
I failed.
Found an interesting recipe in an old cookbook my Grandmother gave me..
if emily puts me in another goddamn headband i'm chewing all her christmas presents AND her fluffy pink slippers - sincerely, angery doggo
Wait a sec... what’s on next?
Had to read it twice
Hidden face reflection off of AirPod case! 🧐
This is what peak performance looks like
Breakfast of Champions
Buddy Gator - Lovely Present
Take cursed images and run them through wombo
When warning shots don’t work.
So we got catnip for this crack head tonight and he absolutely lost his crap. It was fun. The kids read about how it affects various cats differently. Then we put it up. Dude found the bag. Ate his weight in catnip. 😳
My toilet paper says 69... nice
Am I Audible??
3/4/11 911 call from Eucalyptus Drive
Help Morpheus (link in comments)
Had to mail something for work but I ran out of tape. Had to apologize to my nephew and promised him an ice cream.
Finance [OC]
Charlie Hebdo killing it with their take on the British royals.
Just found out he likes Chocolate milk 😊
No one cares
HES SEEN THE GHOSTS!
Denied.
Warn the children before it's too late (say no, to Plank)
This one gets it
A new plant in plants vs zombies is coming.
My Bitch's Ass
Big Data - nerdcore rap
Still a better love story than Twilight
At the thrift shop.
Why is melanoma so uncommon among Redditors?
Keys
How to properly hold a sword
Evidently the local church specializes in JOI and Anus worship.
Wonder what all these marks are from.. 😏
Seen at my vaccination site
Mustard Soda is a must.
dude cmon
How trash is Logan Paul at basketball 🤣 ole Snoop ballin on em’
Hi! We recreate artworks everyday and here’s a personal favorite recreation we’ve done...enjoy :”)
Learning Japanese
I see you guys posting dog siren videos! Greetings from Canada
Woke up feeling irrational
My general state of mind.
Existential alarm clock
Maby not the best slogan when talking about wiping your ass..
The turtle is his now
rubber chicken machine
A local ad i came across on youtube. Taking car biz commercials to a whole new level of cringe
Taking a shit, on my phone, suddenly hear purring from my PJs....
It's going to take a few days to get used to the time change...
Meghan Markle lookalike in Lidl (UK) by Zak and Jay 😂
I don’t even need to say anything. You know who you are.
Who's responsible for this clusterduck?
You will hear his screams in your nightmares
I need to go to his barber
Axl Rose has slowly become Mama Fratelli from The Goonies.
Taking inspiration from Old Greg I see. “Easy now, fuzzy little man-peach”
So that’s why dinosaurs are so angry!
Saw this sign out in Galveston.
My sister trying to walk her cat. Pt. 2
X-Files empty mag
Awful Rap playlist
12 years ago space bat hitch a ride on the space shuttle Discovery and hasn't been seen since
Now available in 6 vibrant colors at Walmart....
We’re in a cabin in the Smokey’s and we found this nice quote
This isn’t a feature I knew I wanted in my toilet paper
Who did this to us bois? I cant believe someone would rat us out like this...
The Dukes of Hazard [ Politically Correct Version]
My niece and neph-dog playing tug o war with a water bottle, both having a blast
kind of a paradox
Excorcism Bible slap + perfectly cut scream🤣💀
I googled “where can i keep my kid entertained but drink at the same time” - I think the results speak for themselves
When looking for the right word goes wrong.
What a day
Kermit as Emperor Palpatine
DQ doesn't wanna smell your stank!
Task failed successfully [OC]
Grammys 2021
How did the DMV let this one through?
Spock my ta lala
Whatever works I guess
Did Kanye just punk the Christian music industry?
He transformed for your sins
SpongeYe SquareWest
We're going fishing.
Lol what?
Which part?
Blast from the past. Im gonna have to play this post pandemic
Hope that answers your questions
I thought it was funny. Sonic the HedgeHo
I got bored this afternoon, so I made a hat for my pet roach, as you do. She wants to become a fashion model
The Food Chain in Action
She's actually really sweet.
Instant regret
Deer vs driveway (and garage door)
Walked in on these two trying to hog the cushion; they HATE each other!
Good thing I managed to take this product off of the shelves. In the wrong hands, it could have killed 99.99% of the city.
The Cricut wiki page. Shared from r/Cricut
my lizard looks like the teacher made her turn her camera on
Spagetmenot
Smol
Am I doing this right?
NOOO
Im dying 😂
This is how my mom uses her computer mouse and it angers me beyond words.
No homo B)
Dead Duck
Nice
Cat singing 2 and she is fabulous again.
YEAH I’M RUNNING THROUGH THE FIELD YEAH I’M DOING SO GOO- AAAAAA
My cat is not having any of this "renovation".
🦈 😆
Cat singing and she is fabulous.
Aaaah, You slapped me you monke.
Cmon ios photo app
Guacuin Pheonix
Came across this toilet-tree
Commentator covers up quickly for a middle finger.
Does this mushroom remind you of anyone?
I promise (best plates ever)
Best game ever
That's a good rule
section
Cheap Gaming Headsets
Crab plush looks like its raging
The voice of an Angel
Iceberg kinda hot
Yes folks, in the wild - evolved Florida Man sighted today.
Every year
Another beer from Beale’s brewery that was inspired by their haters.
Good news: My test came back negative.
Say "Chesse.."
For shame LinkedIn, for shame!
The clouds have spoken [OC]
Cat eating corn.
My mother after getting vaccinated
Hello pancake
Listening Skills Lvl. 100 (more endearing and cute than funny but 19 seconds well-spent)
This is the exact moment he realized his testicles were gone
Bruno Mars' producer is done
My mail's saying E, and Idk why 😐
Diet fabreze...
Ballers
I'm a Village Robber
I've been holding on to this one for a long time
Which one do you think Alexa heard my 3 year incorrectly?
Found this sign outside a local downtown shop...
Dog imitating Dog imitating Dog imitating Siren.
I’m not convinced
It's only temparary
Just in Case
Ectacy and Tragedy
I wish my wife looked at me like she looks at the Duke of Hastings
Apparently, they don't have a board of Education either.
Sweet Fancy Moses!
Minimalist Porta Potty
God is dead...
Not sure what this Tit Anus toy is, but you have to be at least 15.
My girlfriend made an appointments list so I added more detail. I wonder how long it will take for her to notice...
It's been a year
Meow I have a portrait please?
Children's drawings Re-imagined as professional illustrations
My manager was a jerk anyways.
Yahoo with absolutely NO CHILL this morning
I thought that is funny
Duckpocalipse?
Nee uses for the old 3.5 floppy disks.
The Maneuver ...
MKGandhi 🕶️
Stop it!
Missy!!What does the dead roach do??
Dog plotting his revenge against the attention stealer
After Cancun ...
This retro Citroën ad
Ordered mine
But ... but ... I just bought it?!
"Hey, does your dog bites?" "Oh no, he throws bricks!"
Pain- Credit: yungtw1x2
I have some questions.....
Don’t trust cheap measuring tape :)
Wait, what did he just say?
Thanks Google!
Excuse me?!
"Damnit Martha, I TOLD you it wouldn't fit!"
Neighbor busts a move!
Michael Jackson's TOP 5 VR Zombie Games
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Made my day
Everyday Story: Do you know about Bitcoin? No, Did you invest? Yes!
Alaska is a strange place...
Lewis the Overlord
Oh Alaska. Never change.
The sizzle never dies [OC]
Every boy in a 2000 miles radius felt that
The Creation of ATM
How long until someone notice...
Subway has steeped low
Don't speak that way [OC]
The Twitch Double Digit Viewer Count Barrier
Progressive times calls for progressive kids books???
This Stanford ad with very un-Stanford like math skills
I saved a fish
bye bye - original video by Pablo Rochat
Thumbs up for next Space X Starship SN11 test flight!
The Shooting AKA Dear Lila [Umbrella Academy]
I’ve seen this man on several different occasions tagging stuff around New York and I think I’m falling in love :) (sorry for the short vid)
Perfect image if my dog looking at his Birthday cake
Happy pi day
Let it riiiiiiip!
Denver
A man falls in the woods and no one else is around
Scary
Orgasmo: “WHERE?!?!?!”
I sense a battle of the WiFi names coming on!
A long time ago
Daylight Savings
My baby is an MMA fighter. Already at 6 wins and 2 draws
It's my birthday today, so I got a square pie because pie are squared!
No wonder his dining companion looks so happy
Monke fun
Read this as “truth and respect”. In my head I’m like, “what am I supposed to have lied about to a dog
This dog is living the dream!
Let the beat drop
Im friend son was trying really hard to unlock it lol
I can explain
I found an artist in Oblivion
... improvement
Better safe than sorry I guess.
This makes sense
Cat vs TV Mouse
Blame The Time
The state of Reddit (at least for me)
Getting noticed
Being on tinder like
Dog imitating a dog imitating a siren
it forgot
I finally remembered what ZOOM calls remind me of...
Beer can chicken, failed. This was an attempt to cook dinner for my boyfriend (now husband). I learned what indirect heat meant. And we ordered pizza.
[OC] Citrus got real.
My experience at online shopping:
If your life seems boring then come to Siberia!
Plenty of fish in the sea
Cat mediator
Oh, and if you put black pepper, it tastes really good....
Was going to flirt with the lady behind the counter but decided against it.
Canadian creativity
ballon guy is crazy
Sike
all my learning has lead up to this point.
“One of these things is not like the other...”
Enough shots for everyone!
Inspired by a TikTok form @daneachus ! [OC]
Daylight Savings On Colfax Ave
YouTube Music tried to get me but I shut that shxt down.
End of day
Shoutout to everyone else who has to share their birthday with Pi day. We can eat pie AND cake, we don't need arbitrary dessert restrictions.
My cat made her mark on the door during the Denver blizzard of 2021 😆
Spilled the beans [OC]
My phone was all kinds of confused this morning
I give you the distinct difference between my kids (20f, 17m)
Today's the only day you can sing this version
Translation: no , not quite , try one more time , exactly like that
why cant you trust an atom?
Happy 3/14
Butt Stuff
My daughter may not be NASA material, but she can arrange baby toads in our flowerpot
I just wasn't ready.
Man get out here!
A brewery near me decided to name their newest beer after a recent email they received
My cat loves our new carpet
I told my brother I would delete the video ... Hehe
Wu-tang forever on Meet the Press
I think I f#*/ed up
Classic crossover
Eric André is a different breed
My dog's Poo pi for Pi Day
Sometimes I worry about the US Postal Service
My taki looks weird
y o u h a v e b e e n w a r n e d
so.. pi pie
Guys robbie rotten is on match
Happy Pi Day! [OC]
Possibly not the best advice from the school to parents
Wait for it... wait more
Hello again.
Rude joggers
Stand strong
I just have a bad memory
It seems I’ve adopted a parrot
Catching up with my more successful friends [OC]
Even in death MJ held to his beliefs
"Don't flush! It looks kinda divine"
My First Comic - Gravity
Tooth Be Told
Monsters Cringe
My son had a bad hair day, I just made it better😊
"Something's funny.." (S03E02)
Mysteriously, Malibu never made it to episode 2...
Do you want Chicken and Sausage Gumbo, or Grilled Chicken and Sausage Gumbo? A lot of these soups taste the same.
Free Therapy
Queenie busting out the movies !
Bahhah shampoo.
Thanks youtube very cool
Yummy 3.14159
Meet my cat Scampi. I'm obviously very proud.
Real Talk
'Watt' is love
Dicks out for Bokito
lets gooo
Nyuts
faces are hard - but who ever drew the original nailed it
Dedication [OC]
Eyes on the road
Don't fucking touch me Brenda.
Odyssey - an emotional and bureaucratic journey [OC] - The Real Human Beans Comic (instagram @therealhumanbeans for more) - it's just funny how darkly accurate this feels
I am Waking Up!
Gianni del sud
Dog Imitating a Siren
nice to meet you, kernel
My roommate went to his gf house over night and left something on our kitchen table....I sent him a message letting him know.
trying to get my fps up on my potato pc
Nice try Zuckerberg
(OC) Three's a Crowd.
Robots may take over the world, but until then let's enjoy dictators rocking off to different songs!
Surskit goes 'ah.'
[OC] Buying more books
Am I right or amiright???
Pow, right in the kisser
Switzerland narrated by Bob Ross
After 38 years I have found I have a twin. Meet Herbie!
"The clock says 6 a.m. Where's my food? What's a time change?"
Tiger King
Sad little life Jane performed by an indie band
Thats one helluva bike ride
Coc not ready
Espangles?
I know nothing about this guy, I just found this.
Best caption wins!
How does YT respond to mic search like that?
Ghandi before enlightening
TIL How to waterproof a cable gland using...
Idk why this was in my camera roll
This is my last resort
A pilot stuck in quarantine
Jack it up!!
The chicken or the egg? (OC)
Twitch trolling great reaction
Snow ducks army
Dammit Moon Moon
This is how you know the ramen is going to be good.
Teacher: The test isn’t that confusing! The test:
I refused to play games with my husband for years because he has the "shine". I got sick of losing. He denied it. Then we went axe throwing and...
Children permitted to parkour.
Ran out of family drinking games wanted to pull out CAH, tried it myself and Nope, bad idea
One of the more bizarre coincidences of all time was the conception of 4 of Switzerland’s most ubiquitous export products in less than a minute
In this case, we require an electrician or a pipe technician
First, he was afraid...
courier service for Ex, delivery rate 101%
Would read this twice
Pump it up 🤙🏻😍🚀
Chicken fish..
Big explosions
Give me a sign
Good man, Napoleon Bonaparte.
Hands off my balls Harry
Wait for it...
Dangerous children for the next 20 miles
Einstein explaining theory of relativity and calling us average minds. Today is his Birthday.
With a view!
Connoisseur
Age gets the best of us all
Friend was thrilled about McDonald’s new Big Mac
😂
What have you done lately
I took this picture today... possibly photoshopped it afterwards...
Up with what now?
Not even the roads are safe in Australia
Why do I relate to Wall-E so hard rn
Humans aren't the only ones. . . .
Do you have a moment to talk about insect Jesus?
Morning Brown!
Sometimes art is to realistic
My boyfriend put pants on me
Old Shitbox Suzuki for the win vs rubicon gladiator vs trd pro Tacoma
The PEAK of human revolution according to my local barbershop
Heeeeeeey, that’s a great deal!
Funny accent...
You’ve got to love alejandro
Is this Youtube telling me i have a problem?
Hey
Uhhh.... okay Paypal. Are you trying to say something?
I made a fruit basket that no one asked for
I found it’s true use
*Round 2-BEGN!*
Oh Dr Phil, why
Okay then... I guess the planets must've aligned just right and caused a rift in the space time continuum, which means this game will never have a conclusion. The ref will do the two step for all eternity and the players will anxiously wait for a free throw attempt that will never come to fruition.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
The perfect G-Shock watch for skinny folks
[OC] The what now?!
conjoined triplets ~
happy panniversary...
Found in a local paper's community opinion section.
[OC] Don't forget Daylight Savings ends in many places in the USA. If you have an atomic clock, it adjusts automatically. Yay!
Fair enough.
Creation of Catam
Ah such similar times...member
Can’t
Flashing your nuts in public.
The Golden Grills
I’m remodeling my basement and all the ceiling tiles were just removed. I found my cat like this.
Wait a second...
Rush Escape room Hawthorn
An Interview with Santa Claus
“Think about the edibles...” 😂😂
Jesus Mecha Christ : Crusader MKII
The cafeteria where my buddy work literally put a baked carrot on a bun and called it a veggie hotdog the other day
Which Frank Is A Worse Role Model/Father
im going to by the 100 doler pack men
Simple search, unexpected response.
Over The Counter Viagra
He always does
[X] I do not like this because I am in it.
Uncle Daycare Part 3
“And then we’ll laugh. A lot. At you.”
The fibroadenoma found in my breast kind of looks like Pepe the Frog
Was searching Amazon for a mini chopper.. make sure you satisfy your garlic guys!
Horse does a wheelie
Wife “where did he learn this?!?” Me working from home the last year “...”. (His high chair straps were in the washer and we were watching him close and he couldn’t fall o it)
where did i go wrong
My kid asked me why I was looking at boobies while on Reddit
This dog looks cool
Sleep? Never heard of it.
I meant to take a really cute video of my cat snoring (sound on).
Wart remover failed, GF pregnant
I feel like Tf2 fans and Pokémon fans will enjoy this
They’re milking anything and everything these days. Almonds, cashews, customers...
Daylight Saving Time begins tomorrow. Make sure your clock is spayed or neutered.
Phrasing
Unsolicited advice
Excuse me?
Don't delete or god will kill a kitten
When spending that stimulus check, consider giving an abandoned beer a home. Sad sight...
Cat thinks he is trapped, when he is not
Nobody move, this is a stick up!!
Wtf is today's fashion??
Alpha Betas - This is Alpha Team (Pilot Episode)
Credit: LaughingCommunity
If only there was a word for things we put on our hands to protect them
Wholesome man sings song
Everyone in Colorado right now
Witness said UFO went into an "aura"!
Ah yes the final battle
Thicx
Steak and BeeJay Day
My freakin dog 😂
“Yeah that’s better” - cat probably
Unfortunate branding
idk why this dragon reminded me of Seth Rogan
Might have made a mistake making this.
Magic 8 Ball magic ruined
This plant needs to chill out
I’m half the fan I used to be
Stalin... OC
My Siberian sinking into the sink.
My oldest brother (legally blind) put a bike bell on his cane.
Low hanging fruit
pixels don't bring happiness (rust)
Is that a grenade launcher?
Long live the king
Space Monke
Who ordered the apple?
Swedish ad for a cookie...
The Daily Gog #20 -- Cows aren't that fussy [OC]
Guys guess what
My dog has been taking singing lessons
LITERALLY everyone coming out of quarantine right now...
He is here
I Kill People
When Aussies go on vacation.
i hope im not the only one who found this funny 😂😂
My favorite food,chicken sand..
You have to protect that rim
r/lol
Inglish VocabulaRry & city names - other set of vords
How does one be cat...
Crossover
Waiting...
DLA: Doctors Love Acronyms
F r e e that spells free
SAXX underwear is tackling gender equality: now, both sexes can smell like fish down there :P
What's black and white and red all over?
Golden knows pup is f$#king up
Waterproof showering
Has This Ever Happened To You? I Can't Sleep Thinking About This!
Choose your Pokémon!
How to escape a rear naked choke
Gas propelled motorcycle
Probe
That's a twist
Nonsense humour at its best.
"Come on, hurry up and eatch ur food!"
Improvise. Adapt. Overcome.
Kermit be lit
Put some of my drawings through the AI and got some interesting results #4
Firefighter Chronicles likes to greenscreen himself into shows featuring bad fire and rescues. Here's his latest one for you to enjoy.
Stop stirring dude lol
Next time someone ask's you about your mask
Dog-sitting for my parents. Couldn’t find her for 15 minutes until I opened the pantry door
$50
I am sorry, Officer. They never asked me to update my picture...
my dog trying to work out how to eat a potato
Meanwhile, in Colorado...
Put some of my drawings to the AI with interesting results #3
Put some of my drawings through the AI with some interesting results #2
Put some of my drawings through the AI with interesting results. #1
Poggo
Mom’s spaghetti
that must suck
How panic buying in Boulder, CO works. Quick! Stock up on organic produce!
Eye candy 🍭
Wholesome Sandwich
Can you read my son?.....................TPB never gets old
Soon...
This happened to me
Amazon has ruined Baby Yoda for me now
Chachi excited about the snow2
Just putting it out there.
Black Metal Easter Eggs
Something tells me she has six kids, just a stretch though.
Was browsing a website with houses for sale and saw this. I immediately thought this looked like Cosmo and Wanda (fairly odd parents) pretending to be houses.
MOTIVATIONAL phrases and their CAPITALIST meaning
If Gen Z are called Zoomers, then are Gen C called Coomers?
My computer has a new cooling solution
Worth every penny
Costco. Pretty funny. Someone has a great sense of humor. GME=Tendies
RIF Lined up These Two Image Posts Perfectly
[OC] Hell
Chachi excited about the snow
Watch with sound off then sound on
This warning label on children's clothing
I bet he thought he'd got away with it as well.
I replaced the Queen's hats with cake and it's not even weird
My try
I think my cat has a problem
Cap 😂
Google said to turn on No Name Street. They didn't lie.
The Daily Gog #21 -- The Virtual Me [OC]
Sandvich
Taste Budz - an irreverent take on foodie culture
Found an old pic of my Fallout character
How about heavens gate....way to funky town
I’m not sure who’s side they’re on but it made me laugh anyway
as a guy with long hair i enjoy the compliments... especially when my female friends thought i had my hair done and i'll just cheekily smile and say no XD
Is sex with a Christian that different?
The slide
The Daily Gog #16 -- A Fetching Stick [OC]
eBay sent me this notification today
Hand selected a$$
Gobble! Gobble! Till u Wobble!🦃
The Daily Gog #17 -- What-the-heck Tech [OC]
How my boy friend “dries” and puts away dishes
Crazy Donkey Goes Ballistic on My Wife!
How to escape a rear choke hold
Our new neighbor's favorite tree
It's been a year since I've been outside
Sexy Squidward on an Etch A Sketch! (OC)
Buttiful
The Daily Gog #26 -- Gondolas in Gramercy & Barges on Broadway [OC]
Always look in all 6 directions.
H&R Block telling the future now. Is it Wednesday yet?
This butthole in Tahoe
The Daily Gog #25 -- You don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows [OC]
Dig a hole where?
Failure to communicate [OC]
Fantastic, I'll take them all.
All this for a family squabble
Hulkhoganboy
When the imposter is sus! 😳
They'll never find me up here!
How to explain Normal Distribution to a bro at the gym
Shout out to Mac for rocking the no sleeves Hawaiian shirt. Don’t ever change! (Also one of the best episodes...)
Unless they like... scissor or something
Gimme My Stimmy
They thought they were clever
Tf did i just make
Navy Defense
Not my foto, found it while browsing and wanted to share it:)
I need a hug
Real
It’s even across the street from the church
My wife recently bought herself a Rampant Rabbit....
What's this show about? I'm not clicking on it.
I wish
I'm not sleeping you're sleeping
Doggo vs. Bubble packaging
Chet Baker Urges A Man To Call A Hospital
Astronaut attempts to fix argument he had with his wife
Cleaning out some things at my moms house and found this gem
Wife Tricep Dip
I'm unstoppable! (sound)
Baby goat on a slide
WARNING TOXIC
Easy Peasy
There's toemfoolery afoot.
Such emotion! Sing it good girl 🙂
Chronology
Saw this while we were enjoying our waffles!
There's a quack made of ice!
Americans right now.
Tobey Maguire will survive without uncle Ben.
Partner’s coworker asked her grade 3 students to write Haikus
There is no god up here but me
[OC] that one friend
Excuse me.
Sharing is caring 😂
SAAGA 5 vs HAUSER
The only man who can bring all this to an end
As per my last email,
Even the noodles want to be shared.
Steady now...
She’s the one
I provide anesthesia at a pediatric dental clinic. I made a video to share about one of my many fears.
A decision was made this day
I love this app!
These AI face things just get weirder.
Marvel's Spider-man makes you FEEEL like... Mary Jane
Wow, I feel seen
Found your mom’s location
Tonight I discovered my daughter thinks the Tooth Fairy is a tooth that happens to be a fairy
It’s finally time... Happy anniversary, everyone!
How much is that in square pounds?
Time to spice up this scene, with some MUSIC!
Don’t forget to Spring ahead!
shout it from the rooftops (OC)
Ma man actually thought he had lost it
You can say that again...
Typo at Boeing Led to Rockin' Results
Eye Exam
Dax Shepard might be Chad Kroger.
She went through a phase hanging with the wrong crowd.
A two-sided strawberry (and my doggo Floyd)
Tell me a TV show that's dirtier than this.
Don't run with fish!!
This one is for the TISM fans.
"If you take a gallon of knowledge and pour it into a shot glass of a brain.." (S03E21)
Excuse me but, what the hell?
Maca - Rooney
Road warning signs in Wales ... I was expecting a sheep
new movie?
I can see clearly now
Bore-out emergency kit
Neighbour missed the recycling bin...
Newly-Redesigned Oscar® statuette
A Symbol of Peace...?!
There's a quack in the ice!
Found yo mama's armchair
Frenchie thinks they're tough
beat is so sus it goes hard
he sure showed them (OC)
Baby beat box
Apparently I have been washing my hands incorrectly this whole time...
My friend telling me...
Dont do drugs
Delicious Cousins
The crossover we wanted
Just like trying to avoid responsibilities
Hey, I know this movie!
I swear Friendly Fire was on here
Say cheese
Harassment 101
Being called a retard 4 times in a flight....
UK TV Show rainbow.
It depends on which direction you’re coming from, I guess?
Say cheese 😬
Damn. Animal Crossing got COLD AF
Pudding pop goes boom
Spaghetti Again
Peter Jackson
Joker took a dab
The Daily Gog #19 -- Never a dull lull [OC]
A photo of Superman discovering his greatest power.
She seems apprehensive.
I told him to slow down, he wasn’t having it.
Found this playing Cards Against Humanity, sadly no good replies, your turn!
Man of words vs man of few...
Select operation as per your requirement.
son where u at??
University life
You need a curved putty knife
A Stupid Question
LEARN CHINESE IN ONE MINUTE
Congratulations!
Don’t drink and diagram
The stick is mine
Oh Peter ;)
Speed dating...
a few will get it.
My friend sent message me this
One of my dogs is scared of the other
Guess I will do one too
I introduced my 35 year old boyfriend to snap chat filters, this was his reaction
My dog can be a derp sometimes.
Hackerman
Poor Mario
Cosmic Kids Yoga without any context.
Cop a mouthful
breathtaking world record
Yeah, she just needs a little "pep"!
Classic chad
The Masked Ringer. (A Cosmo and Astro comic.)
Well this is awkward
What my daughter made in art class today, a Fortnite rocket launcher
Unlimited power
From 2018....
Mona Criminal.
Give her the diploma already
Welcome to Jurassic Park!
Even the weather thinks we are living the same day over and over.
Bacon wants to eat me?
BARRY WOOD SINGS
Onion
Ermergerd, let’s get serm
Boy trying to kill a rat
SeLf-DiAgNoSeD!
Guess what day it is!!
Missing action figure . Feel bad for the kid that gets this .
Trying to swallow a Popeye's biscuit
Trucker delivered his load.
Nissan Leaf is evolving!
Haribo Gummy Bear reviews are insane! “Like Niagara Falls through a straw....”
Tales from a Pizza Delivery Girl
Boomer Triggers Gen-Z Snowflakes. Brad Upton
Short term memory & quick wit go hand in hand.
What can Batman do?
oh boy
Just came in the mail
My daily ride to work in Eugene Or.
wise words
My kid's school sent home some Canadian bacon.
I raise your Jewish space laser a gay space laser being fired from Sandia national laboratory
atom
Even in the 7th century mr steal your girl was wild
Gender Roles
My cat got stuck today.
Let It Go
47 hour weekend, lol 😂
I microwaved it too long.
The music sells it
“We’re not a racist family”
Don't tailgate this guy...
human lookin sus
Was going through old family files and found this lovely keepsake, written by my eldest sister....
Thanks Internet
Most ridiculous phot ever taken
Differences On How People Shop After One Year
Dio vs Creeper
“What kind of McDonald’s has a message?” But it’s FNAF
Like a baby | 2020 | myself
StarMusk
Is rain season in my city
My great uncle has dementia. Came home to find this on the hallway bathroom.
I told my fiance to stop putting items inappropriate for the bathroom trashcan in our master. Came in to find the below, I tell her she needs to stop leaving coat hangers in the bathroom to which she responds, "there's an abortion joke in there somewhere". She's definitely a keeper.
This book that i owned for a long time that has something dirty, can you find it?
Oh man....
We know who to thank for Adele now
