Linguistics hw
Ur-Etyma: How Many are There? - Language Log
List of shared origin Korean / Japanese / Chinese words?
What is the relationship between the preference of long sentences with multiple relative clauses in European language and people's working memory? Which is the prerequisite?
Why are older languages or older forms of languages regarded by a lot of people to be purer?
An economical phonology for North American English
Romance lang's and gender...
Can determiner+adjective+noun constructions in French be analyzed as single words?
How does the brain know what the words "teddy bear" mean? Does it link those words to a picture of a teddy bear in your brain?
What are your primary interests within the field of linguistics?
Voice and voiceless stops distinction in Royal English and other English accents
80/90s to Early 2000s American Dialect?
Aruka Juma, Last Man of His Tribe, is Dead
Progress within linguistics
How to tell the difference between unaspirated and voiced?
Do pictorial writing systems (ex. Chinese) actually have some advantages?
Searching for a term - consistent misreading of the middle of a word in an L2
Stability of extremely large phonemic inventories
UOG receives $25K grant from Inetnon Lalåhen Guåhan to develop database of CHamoru language learning resources -- "Inetnon Lalåhen Guåhan — the Young Men’s League of Guam — presented the University of Guam with a $25,000 grant on March 3 [2021] to develop an online open-access database" [Guam, USA]
Is it possible for someone to be able to write but can't read, or vice versa?
Glad to see the language is still being used!
A Conversation in Old English and Old Norse
Need some help.
Use of Present Continuous vs. Simple Present in Conversational English
Can anyone explain to me the structuralist theory that things are not defined directly but rather by what they are not?
Will NLP have a good future even if we reach AGI?
there, their, they're
From what age do Xhosa babies produce clicking sounds?
Vanished Voices app
Grammatical Gender and Linguistic Relativity "Sex, Syntax and Semantics" L. Boroditsky et al.
'Arising of a language with no ancestor'
Why does future marker comes from motion verb?
/ɑː/ to /æ/ or /ɛ/ shift from British dialects to American English in '-an' words?
Why is the saxon genitive called saxon?
[resource] Grammar Watch - the Association for Linguistic Typology's curated database of open-access grammars
Need help with my students' grammar acquisition.
The Ancient History and Origins of the Arabic Language (linguistic history starts around 3:00)
Theory on the identity of the elusive AASI-languages of prehistoric India
Is there an opposite/antonym to the "garden-path sentence"?
How did/do you learn the "grammatical terms"?
Why I -Fukin- Hate "Top Of The Morning" - a Northern-Irish perspective
“To go” as a future tense across languages
Russky or Rossiisky: An activist - and his native language - go on trial in a Russian courtroom
AI and language translations
19th century New England/Massachusetts accents?
thanking in Brown and Levinson's Politeness Strategies
Why do some words sound "wrong"?
The Pandemic Has Transformed The English Language
Are literacy issues less common in languages with a predominantly native word inventory?
HS Linguistics Trivia Competition - April 24th
What is the most comprehensive and accurate online dictionary for the Punjabi-language?
Higher Ed Wednesday - March 10, 2021
Why do words sound so much better when they rhyme?
Accent ambiguity in France
Is it possible to learn Old Turkic?
Recommended reading on semiotics and language philosophy?
Last Native Speaker Of Rare Dialect Dies In Russia
Brazilian Portuguese speech corpus
Fun fact: The youngest letter of the Roman* alphabet
Strictly technical question about corpus software
'False friends' in Russian and German
Anyone know how accurate this is?
Rethinking the language of language endangerment - SOAS
Differences in tamazight dialects.
Non-linguist looking for help
Could the use of constructions like "Me and John went to the store" rather than "John and I went to the store" in English be considered examples of Split Ergativity?
Developmental linguistics - nonstandard english in children's books ok?
Gap Between Written and Spoken Sounds
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - March 08, 2021
Monosyllabic stems/roots?
Have there been any studies on how much Latin influence in English comes directly from Latin, and how much is via French?
Why do spanish words ending in -dad always translate to english words ending in -ity?
Finding a post from this sub about a language with highly complex tones
Basic reads in Toponymy
Did I parse two constituents of this comparative construction correctly? (X rather than Y)
Old Norse and Old English duplicate words with different meanings today
Sanskrit vs. Middle Indic: literary languages as precursors to vernacular languages?
Flaws in Labov (1966) Study
Deseret alphabet
Is there any way to know what regional accents were like in history? I tend to think of the Middle Ages when I’m curious about stuff like that, but I’d be interested to know about any period in which we don’t have audio recordings available.
The most conservative Slavic language?
Do any English dialects still have a Scandinavian style pronunciation of the letter Y?
What are the main differences between Farsi (Iran) and Dari (Afghanistan)?
Why don't we linguists use the term "screeve" outside Kartvelian languages?
How did you first get into linguistics?
Why do Georgian verbs invert in the perfect screeves, and do any other languages do so too?
German loanwords in Czech language - Podcast with Angelika who moved to Bohemia from Germany in 2020
Why is Slovene so different from other Slavic languages?
If ancient Greek had influence over other languages in the past, then, Is there any modern language that is having influence over Modern Greek?
Can anyone share whatever they know/think about the proposed Dene-Yeniseian language family?
Why are there Chinese numbers in this Thai song’s title?
Explanations of why women use prestige dialects less and nonstandard forms more than men?
Why isn't Proto-Semitic reconstructed with [tʃ] and [dʒ]?
Where did these pseudo spelling rules in (Canadian?) English come from?
Do you know any spoken language identification guide?
In which ways did modern Hebrew as it is spoken today change grammatically and phonologically from when it was adopted to the modern day?
The habitual be.
I found this map on 9gag. How much of it is true, how much of it is oversimplifying and how much of it is straight up wrong? Are the georgian alphabet and bramic scripts derived from phoenician? Is the inuktitut abugida considered based on the latin alphabet? Is this map outdated or just wrong?
How did the modern conventional use of hiragana and katakana develop in Japanese?
Best online projects to revive local languages worldwide
Are there any documented examples of pidgins and creoles developing in the pre-Colombian era?
Formal Semantics in Linguistics vs. Philosophy of Language
J sound in North Germanic languages
english and pro-drop dialects
Speech Acts and Conversation Analysis
What questions currently studied in Linguistics do you find interesting?
Two questions about Portuguese verb vowel alternations
Statistical method for language proficiency evaluation
Most Frequent Words / Parts of Speech for 100 Classic Japanese Authors
question about the vocative address
Looking for a particular study
Linguistics Bowl - Competition for high school students
What parts of speech are universal?
Examples of conservative characteristics in Mandarin that preserve traits of Middle Chinese?
Higher Ed Wednesday - March 03, 2021
The COVID Zoom Boom Is Reshaping Sign Language
Any studies comparing reading mistakes when reading logographic vs alphabetical systems?
Has there been any work done on formal pragmatics?
Morpheme-based phonological processes?
Conversation Analysis
How can a speaker learn to tell [ɕ] vs [ʃ] apart of natively used to [ɕ] (and related sounds such as affricates and voicing)?
Career in Speech Recognition
Language preservation among children of korean immigrants?
Something I don’t understand in Kober’s bridging characters in Linear B.
In the transition from Old English to Middle English, the English language lost almost all of its case and gender declensions. Do we have examples of contemporary commentators bemoaning this 'simplification' of the language?
Is "to be" a copular verb in the sentence "I think therefore I am"?
How to stop a language dead? - east frisian language
What are examples of case?
Corpus Research Study Advice
Distinguishing [m m͊ b] acoustically (the second being with a blocked nose)
Singer-finger merger in North American English
How does lexicography work?
More Anglo-Saxon Nickname Research
Do time-bound pronouns exist??
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - March 01, 2021
Full texts in English written with IPA
What is the most efficient way to learn IPA to be able to master phonetic transcription perfectly?
[MOOC] «Linguistic Diversity, What for?» Online, free course, on Coursera. Starts today.
Psycholinguistic
Semantic vs pragmatic change
In "Persuasion," published in 1817, Jane Austen seems to indirectly call one of the characters a "dick." Would her audience have taken this to be a pejorative euphemism as understood by modern readers, and if so, would this passage have been scandalous/offensive?
What percentage of English Roots and Affixes come from Latin?
Why does the current English language lack honorifics for brother/sister/older person? Or if there was, why did sibling honorifics disappear?
How to tell apart locative suffixes in an agglutinative languages from locative postpositions of an isolating language?
Question: What is the difference between the transatlantic accent vs conservative received pronouncation?
Does anyone have Schleichers fable in Proto Germanic?
Does such a job exist that deals with linguistic morphology?
How we can know when a language is agglutinative?
Aymara problem in Linguistics Olympiad
[P] Talk with AI! (Easy to use, DialoGPT)
Is Black American Sign Language (BASL) used in the American North?
What are the various phoneme frequencies in Old English?
What are the agglutinative roots of Proto-Indo-European?
Any papers explaining the dominance of Russian and Turkish in the cyberspace?
How and why did the Visayas region of the Philippines develop so many distinct languages?
Is the Avestan word "druj" (lie) related to the Slavic word "drug" (friend or other)?
What do the linguists of this sub think of the Musa alphabet?
Are ordinal numbers (first, second, third, etc), when written in their abbreviated forms (1st 2nd 3rd) considered words? If so, are there any other words spelled with numerals?
What are some shortcomings of IPA?
Does the relative letter frequency vary in English and Old English?
What factors determine a country's language policy?
Kochat: Opensource Korean Chatbot Framework
Alternative Adjective Order?
Korean Sentence Splitter
A natural language quine
Analyzing Average Kanji Complexity w/ Python
What did Wittgenstein really mean when he said "The limits of my language are the limits of my world"?
Generating syntax & semantic representation of concepts in a video game?
Morphology-Morphosyntax journals
To what extent does Classical Latin (1st century BC - 3rd century AD) as we know it from texts reflect the way people spoke in Rome at the time?
Memory, Categories, and Phonological Processing
Languages with progressive voicing assimilation
Where can I find out more about regional/chronological differences in accents of English?
Can anyone explain from a diachronic perspective, why the affricates and fricatives system in Polish is much richer and more symmetric than that in Russian?
Virtual Class Thurs 2/25: Exploring the History of English and Icelandic Placenames
Most phonetically versatile writing system?
When did the W—>V shift happen in German and Old Norse, respectively? And how long did it take for the shift to spread to all the areas that it is seen within, as of today?
Higher Ed Wednesday - February 24, 2021
Onomatopoeia
International Languages
Why are English words rarely spelled as they are pronounced?
Is there a universal sequence of time adverbials, place adverbials and manner adverbials appearing in the same sentence? Does the sequence of them depend on any other typological characteristics of the specific language?
LaTeX glossing: gb4e or Expex
What are typical LOT-THOUGHT and FATHER-BOTHER type words?
Does anyone speak an uncommon language that is able to work with me over the course of the semester through voice calls?
A cool summary of some research on early hominin speech capabilities from PBS Eons
Do Consonant Shifts Work the Same as Vowel Shifts?
Speech Corpora of British English
What are the examples of doublets that come from the same language - one that evolved naturally and the second that was relearned?
Common features amongst 'Prestige Dialects'?
How common is it for a language to adopt of non-native phoneme to the point that it is treated as a native phoneme?
Extroverts are more likely to use positive words than introverts
Spanish phonology variation
Good apps for learning linguistics?
Can there be nasal tones?
Labialization in Polish Dialects
Do any languages using the Arabic script render Arabic words as they are pronounced locally (e.g., without the "emphatic consonants")?
Do the large numbers of non-native English speakers have any effect on the English of native English speakers?
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - February 22, 2021
Is there a linguistic feature that only appears in one single language which almost singlehandedly altered our understanding of certain language phenomena upon its discovery?
Are there any languages that feature obligatory locative category but no case category?
Intonation / pitch research people: when and how would you convert fundamental frequency to semitones?
Reading on Northern Cities Shift
Intervocalic T-glottalization in American pop songs
Questions about AAVE from a non-black person
Help me find a language with this phonological feature
Any Vermont Speakers here?
Rengmitca: an ethnic language on the verge of extinction
Nuragic civilization (Sardinia) had writing according to recent research
The Economist: how UK Drill music is spreading Multicultural London English (the dialect & slang of London) around the world
Questions about the Northern Cities Vowel Shift
What Would it Take to Pinpoint the Proto-Afro-Asiatic Homeland Like We Have With the PIE Homeland?
Non/Existence of double dissociation between Williams Syndrome and Specific Language Impairment as evidence against/for Universal Grammar
Adjectives in old germanic languages
How does context work?
Help explaining the effect of tonsillectomies on vocal formants?
Why are words for up and down in PIE so similar?
Idiosyncrasies of proof-based mathematical language in non-English languages?
Self excluding we
Can a constituent of a non terminal node C-command that node?
buzzrec: a linguistics paper recommendation engine
What are strong and weak declensions/nouns?
Why don't other languages have as many tenses as English?
Whatever happened to the ICE corpora?
Donate your voice (almost any language)
Any phonologists here that could answer this?
‘Special and Beautiful’ Whistled Language Echoes Around This Island
Portrayal of Received Pronunciation in film
“Tough” movement, but for verbs?
I have made the "quick brown fox" of vowel phonemes
He's Back!
Hey guys please help us with this question. Would be very kind of you guys.
Potential thesis topic -- for anyone interested in studying a unique regional accent/dialect in the US that may soon disappear
Books that chronicle the development of the OED?
[German] what is the historical explanation for so many reflexive verbs in German?
Did Starostin ever publish the presumed sound changes from his Proto-Lezgic reconstruction to modern Lezgian?
Audio samples from studies on ultimate attainment in phonology for adult learners
What exactly makes someone bilingual? Is there a consensus?
Higher Ed Wednesday - February 17, 2021
Is this just a random anomaly or an instance of regular conversational deletion?
Forensic Phonetics videos?
Is background noise linked to speech development delay in infants?
Slur/Cuss Words Evolution
Which languages are most used on YouTube? Is there anyway to find statistics of language usage over time on Youtube?
Why are the organization of mental lexicon and lexical access interdependent?
Are computer interfaces semantically imperative?
How Mutually Intelligible Are the Existing Celtic Languages?
Are there languages that don‘t have case but do have alignment (other than neutral)?
Does anybody know of an English-German linguistics dictionary?
Are there any languages that don't use the base 10 number system?
Is "Negativity" Considered a mood in the TAM framework?
Would any Professor/professional in linguistics be willing to have an interview with me for a school assignment?
Unaspiration and Devocing/Dentalization/Post Alveolar Articulation
Theories on profanity.
Zoomy-zoom on the Slicky-slick
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - February 15, 2021
German speakers: what do we know about the usage of the word "sich"?
Interlinear gloss for words already containing a hyphen
“herstory” and “womyn”
Linguistic and Medical Journalism in the Age of Covid-19: Helping Linguists Find Their Voice (Roslyn Burns)
Sorry If This Is A Stupid or Unanswerable Question, But Why Is the Afro-Asiatic Language Family Twice As Old as the Indo-European Language Family?
Has the phrase “a couple of” turned into an idiom in (at least) American English
Books about nicknames?
What would it take to create a revived, standardized version of Mozarabic/Andalusi Romance?
Difference in Vocabulary Depending on Religion
Anyone else slightly annoyed by McWhorter’s Podcast
Why no unique symbols for voiceless nasal stops?
Information/Books on Ruthenian/Rusyn language
Language learning by linguists
Are audio files from linguistic studies available online or by request?
Word Frequency from Scraping URL Networks - Java Japanese Analysis
Linguistic profiling - most appropriate citation?
Does pitch accent refer to the height or the duration of syllables?
AAVE speakers
European languages with main stress always on the first syllable?
Modern French to Middle French equivalency
Stigmatization of ‘gay‐sounding’ voices: The role of heterosexual, lesbian, and gay individuals’ essentialist beliefs
Study tips for absolute beginners?
Are there any languages that have something between a singular and a plural? What about something between past and present?
SOV question on "I think..."
Is the IPA outdated/archaic in some ways?
PBS Eons video on the evolution of speech (uploaded Feb 11 2021)
Has English ever had a cognate of German “Nebel” (meaning “fog”)? If so, is it still used anywhere today? When was it used, where was it used in certain times... you get the idea.
Should we encourage use of minority languages, rather than just not discouraging it, and why? How can this be achieved from a policy standpoint?
Will you be my Valentine? Can someone help me make a syntax tree? I want to make a valentine card for my linguistics club but I don’t know how to to a syntax tree for « Will you be my Valentine? »
Are there any academic papers on the "Adjective like (article) Noun" construction/ phrase?
What role have wars since 1400 played in the evolution of English spellings and pronunciation?
How different languages write drawn out words
My maps of /ai/ pronunciation in the United States - thoughts?
A site to help Amazigh speakers self document
The psycholinguistics , of bizarre, punctuation .. ??
Why is "louse" part of the Swadesh list?
Vowels in Polish Dialects
Poetry and song in non-configurational languages?
Brown and Levinson’s politeness theory
Are there other records of the avestan language outside of the avesta?
Evolutionary tree of English dialects
Question: I was once told that signed languages rely on arbitrariness of discreet units of meaning just as much as spoken languages do, but at least in ASL, it sure looks like many words/phrases pantomime the meaning they are meant to convey to a far greater extent than verbal languages.
Dropping post-vocalic nasal consonants in English: /VNC/ as [ṼC]
“Yuck” and “yum” in different languages
I've seen that some letters and symbols change depending on language, are there more than I'm missing? (excluding CJK)
IPA to English translator
From a linguistists perspective, how is wearing a mask effecting speech and communication?
Do we have even a SHRED of a clue about any parts of any European hunter gatherer languages? (pre-Neolithic/Anatolian farmer)
Arabic is older than you think
Is there a linguistic connection between Pennsylvania (in particular Western Pennsylvania) and the Northwestern United States?
How much has the phenomenon of immigrant parents speaking one immigrant language with their kids while speaking in another immigrant language with each other to keep secrets from their kids been studied?
Sound archives from hundreds of rare and endangered languages collected and documented by linguists are now available online.
green vegetables
What are currently the most important goals of linguistics?
mentalese always?
Is here a name for croaky or raspy syllables?
Advice on how to approach regularizing old nahuatl texts.
What are some recent mind blowing theories in linguistics?
Linguistic Patterns May Predict Neurological Issues
Glottochronology and overfitting
How do you guys browse books/materials on a particular topic?
Residents of Pierre Part, Louisiana keep French language alive
Corpus linguistics
Voiceless retroflex fricative (ʂ) question
Ukrainian Phonology Question
TV shows involving linguistics/language
Usefulness of children-oriented material for L2 learners?
Loss of cases in IE languages
Podcast about Different English Accents Around the World
How did later Austronesian languages lose Philippine-type alignment?
"Redditors all sound the same", in every language?
Why doesn't Romania have very many distinguished dialects as opposed to other Romance speaking countries?
Inclusive impersonal constructions in languages with 1pl inclusive pronouns?
Wikipedias in Pluricentric Languages
Rhotacism
With a word like ‘cursed’ with several different pronunciations, is there a way to determine how a writer intends it to be pronounced?
How did the number 4 end up becoming a homonym for death in so many East Asian languages?
History of “the n-word”? *please read on... not offensive I promise!
Most Frequent Words in Anime - Analysis with Java and kuromoji
Cognitive Linguists - Can alliterative language awaken other sensory perceptions?
Does what the best audio compression algorithm is for maintaining intelligibility (at a given bit rate) vary at all by language/phonology?
The Handforth Parish Council meeting/Cheshire accent
I once read/watched somewhere that some people are better at learning/pronouncing some particular languages than other. How true is this, is there much credence behind this?
Does ADHD affect learning languages or foreign languages?
Unintelligibility idioms in different languages
Zipf's Law, Language, and Writing: Any Tools Out There?
Nim Chimpsky and Noam Chomsky
Why do people say sardinian has no palatalization when there is clearly a tz in place of a c indicating palatalization before words starting in i?
The Danger of Plosives
Where to learn molecular anthropology for linguistics use?
Is there any consensus on universal semiotics? For example, was a standard long term nuclear waste warning message ever established?
In Japanese, "小鳥遊" is written as "small bird play (kotori-asobi)" but is actually read as "no eagle (takanashi)", because "no eagle where small bird play". Is there any other language that also have this kind interesting feature? More examples within the post.
Racial slurs in history
How much Hebrew/Aramaic influence is there really in Yiddish?
Vowel formants
How many unique words do we say in one day ?
How did scholars settle on "Yahweh" as being the pronunciation for the name of God if there is no evidence to how the vowels were said?
Why is it that English does not distinguish between different levels of formality in speech as Japanese and Korean and other languages?
Notation for rhyme
If there's no agreed-upon measure of language complexity aren't "all languages are equally complex" and its negation both equally meaningless statements?
Here is a taste of how drastically different Ucwalmicwts (interior Salish dialect) is from English.
Artificial Vowel Change
cognitive grammar: can someone explain how conceptual categories also show up as grammatical categories?
"start" raising?
How different does Hebrew get within Israel?
We know that developing literacy in your first language is an important foundation for developing literacy in a second language. What happens in diglossic communities where the colloquial language is spoken at home and a prestige language is learned for reading and writing in school?
Is illiteracy a bigger problem for languages without a phonetic writing system?
Why are some Khmer numbers pronounced identically to some Cantonese numbers
what is the difference between iconicity, symbolicity and indexicality in language?
AAVE vs Internet culture
Come join me!
Why were there so many separate langauge FAMILIES in the Pre-Columbian Americas when the mother language population they would have descended from was likely small and not very linguistically diverse?
I made a website for quickly creating syntax trees!
Vowels that only appear before r and l?
China bans Uyghur language as medium of instruction in Xinjiang: Reports
Make your own vowel chart! (Tutorial to draw your own vowel space using Praat and R)
Velars in PIE - could someone explain?
Rhoticity in young people in UK and US
Why are fortis and lenis not distinctive features?
Reading on language peeving / shaming (in general, but esp re: minority languages if possible)
Do distributed semantic word embeddings such as word2vec have a theoretical foundation in linguistics?
An Estonian documentary from the 70s about the history of the Uralic peoples and languages
Why is machine learning not more popular in phonology?
How can you fix language-confused people or brain problems?
Research on access to information based on your Native Lang?
How much did CJK/East Asian languages influence each other vocally/when speaking?
What indo-european language has the most words of uncertain origin?
Where do I find information on phonetically similar languages?
n/l, r/l mergers and -eng>-ong sound shifts in Southern dialects of Mandarin?
Is there any research on whether or not it is beneficial to learn a third language from the perspective of your second language, rather than from the perspective of your native language?
will english eventually evolve into an entire language family like latin and sanskrit?
Resources on Proto-Ugric?
Ace Linguist- What did the original general American accent sound like?
Is there Native American language lingua franca in use among the various tribes across North America aside from English or Spanish either historically or currently?
Does the orthography of a language change the way people speak it?
Why did Latin shift stress back to the antepenultimate syllable from the penultimate in names inherited from Greek?
How long does it take for a new accent to develop in a colony?
A new version of Latin alphabet for Kazakh language announced by the government
Help outlining the usage of two verbal nouns!
How did Magellan communicate with tribes for those first contact meetings?
Potential novel vowel shift occurring in rural Central California?
Austronesian substrate in southern Japan?
Evolution of Numbers / Counting?
Word Frequency
Does anyone know of any research done on the limits of L1 acquisition in the critical period?
What's up with this sound-change I've been noticing among some (esp. young and female-identifying) pop singers/singer-songwriters?
What is known about the lects spoken by the Celtic Britonians?
What are some Semantic Barriers examples you can think of?
Origin of potopoto? (West African word for mud/clay)
UG/syntax: Is it possible to embed a CP with an unaccusative verb?
Could you help me with examples of stressed and unstressed pronous in English in a sentence?
How much if the lydian Language do we know?
Hi all! This is a follow-up to my post from back in 2016. For my side project, I made an AI-based program that predicts what a user will search next for an Online Dictionary. Here is a short article that I wrote about the project. Any feedback is welcomed. Thank you again for all of your support!
What does the "gay lisp" sound like?
What is closest Chinese language linguistically to Mandarin?
I need help with syntax
A singular noun with an articles and a plural noun in a search on COCA
Seeking Information About Language Loss Diaspora
Question about measuring VOT
Beat gestures influence which speech sounds you hear | Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences
Changes in Arabic due to extremist groups?
IPA for Polish Digraphs (Cz, Dż, Rz, Sz)
Books about ancient languages/words/alphabets evolution (scientific linguistics)?
How does alignment work in Lao?
A full syntax of simple English sentences
How do non-English languages pluralise acronyms/initialisms?
Negative Amplitudes in Praat
What are some common examples of "poverty of stimulus" arguments?
Chinook Jargon (Chinuk Wawa) - The Forgotten Trade Language of the Pacific Northwest
New study ties India’s genetic diversity to language, not geography
Slavic Phonetic Alphabet
What is Euro-English?
Is there any recent/ well-known research into gendered language use with infants?
Any practical, entry-level book or methodology recommendations for a lost modern languages student trying to understand "pure grammar"?
In French language, the pronunciation of /ɛ̃/ is [æ̃] in Paris and [ẽ] in Quebec, so is there any dialect where /ɛ̃/ is still pronounced as [ɛ̃]?
Top 3 most pressing questions in child language acquisition?
History of Language Maps for Early Language Learners
Linguists: What popular science works do you actually recommend?
'Big 5 Personality prediction using text data'
How do genetic relationships affect linguistic interference and borrowing?
Pinker, Nunberg, and ....
Lexical Emergence on Reddit: An Analysis of Lexical Change on the “Front Page of the Internet”
How do you feel about people using the word "linguist" to refer to "people who study foreign languages"?
Book to lear syntax analysis
Ality versus elia?
What do people talk about? I'm looking for analysis of the content of natural conversations, eg percentage of time communicating useful information about inanimate objects, time communicating about self, time communicating about one's children, time communicating about other people (eg gossip) etc
Linguistics corpora
Tamar Hoggarth, a Victorian Yorkshirewoman: how much can you understand?
Which Languages have many ways of saying/describing "Wind"?
Noc Centum-Satem split - impact on the rest of Slavic phonology
Can someone recommend some sort of reference guide for Linguistics? Something that breaks down how different languages handle different devices.
Without any neurological breakthroughs, is it possible to devise experimental methods to elicit data that can help figure out the way in which grammar and phonology are processed by humans?
Is it equally hard for native speakers of two different languages to learn languages of each other?
Is "sex" a loanword in many languages? Why?
Is animacy distinction more common in interrogative than in personal pronouns?
What is The Constructivism theory, and what is The Innatist theory? And what's the difference between the two?
When English names that start with the letter H are transliterated into Russian, why do some use Г (G) and others use Х (Kh)
Looking for machine-readable dictionary of English phonetic transcriptions with syllable breaks.
English word roots?
Have some russian dialects adopted the traits and vocabulary of turkic/caucasian/etc languages in russia?
Are there any recordings of the old non-rhotic southern American accent?
Germanic Strong Verb questions
Are there factors that can prevent loss of grammatical case?
A public and useful tool to learn phonetics
Are there any languages with a "negative" comparative/superlative?
Are there any softwares that can listen to my voice and tell me exactly where it is on the vowel spectrum?
New words for non-binary people in Icelandic
Chuvash sounds of Ӑ, Ӗ
What good courses or seminars are you taking/teaching?
Why is it that the Irish and Highland Scottish accents have an approximant /r/ yet Lowland Scottish accents have a trilled/flapped /r/? (The exact opposite of what you'd expect based on historical contact)
Did English J ever sound like Y in yes?
Accent Expert Gives a Tour of U.S. Accents - (Part One)
Neurolinguistics? ‘Routes’ to words?
Definite marker in Hebrew and Ancient Greek
We hy did Bulgarian lose case endings and other Slavic languages did not?
Please come join us for the Birmingham Lectures starting next month! Lots of big names with an extend question period! see https://birmingham.ac.uk/brumlects for more info!
I need to discuss The Arrival (2016) with linguists, or just give me all your more fun linguistic facts!
Language acqusition
Does everyone in linguistics secretly hate linguistics?
Psycholinguistic research into bilingual word search processes?
Is standard Italian a revived historical language like Hebrew?
Why do Americans/Canadians call the plural of a penny pennies and not pence?
Why didn't the Germanic peoples historically share a common literary language(instead using Latin) while the Slavic peoples did share a common literary language(Church Slavonic).
Early Medieval Nicknames - my PhD research
Is English-medium instruction on degree and postgraduate courses useful for improving English language proficiency?
Which language family is the most studied after Indo-European?
Higher Ed Wednesday - January 20, 2021
Could Katharavousa have succeeded
Why are consonants at the end of French words so often silent?
Are Slavic cases dirsctly descended from PIE ones?
If Indo Europeans reached Iceland before 1000 BC, could their language stay more conservative than Lithuanian?
Reconstructing the original Proto-Slavic word for bear?
What is the most counter-intuitive feature, or one that seemed almost ridiculous upon learning, of a language that you know about?
Popular YouTuber (polyMATHY) argues Classical Latin vowels only had quantitative differences in length, not qualitative. What do you think?
What are the least number of languages you can learn that can encapsulate the entire IPA?
Why do people think a certain form of language is "right"?
Question from Teacher
How to write a complex phonological rule
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - January 18, 2021
Does the internet speed up or slow down the evolution of languages?
Are there languages where emotions/sensations are distanced from the concept of self, and how do they do it?
Is there a modern English cognate of Latin “Caecus”?
what's some interesting areas of research in the last couple Of years?
What Romance language is the most like Latin?
Is corpus "linguistics" a branch of linguistics or a method?
Celtiberian/Iberian Runes?
Can the word 'token frequency' also be used for grammatical feature frequencies?
Newmeyer 2003
I’m just curious. What’s your personal knowledge on the Salishan language family?
Words accidentally resembling proto-language forms
How much can a language change in a 3700 year isolated community? And when it would become unintelligible from the original language.
Are there phonological reasons that have been proposed to account for the exceptions to the stress rules in Spanish?
Honorific/term of endearment becoming pejorative?
What are the underlying linguistic theories to teaching methods?
On the utility of reading grammars
Linguistic Pet Peeves?
Typology of Pronoun Avoidance
What is the lingusitc-cultural origin the occasional alveolar trill in English plays specifically.
Verbs and predicate- argument structure.
What is the most-recently spoken "language" reconstructed comparatively?
24 Accents of the UK
Why does the larynx pull up/down when I produce a high/low tone respectively?
Are there books that discusses Farsi and it's relationship with other Indo Europeans languages?
Can anyone explain why lateral approximants called ‘liquids’?
Singular first person imperatives?
Resource on speaker number organized by families?
How do Linguists address we's more detailed than the exclusive/inclusive we's, and is there any natural language actually is more specific than them?
Help! Cambridge vs Cambrian pronunciations
What game (board game or computer game) best advances language development in children?
Gorilla Experiment Builder- Self-paced Reading
I'm teaching my first university course in Phonology. What should I include?
Googlers' .pdf article: Switch Transformers: Scaling to Trillion Parameter Models with Simple and Efficient Sparsity.
Descriptive versus inferential analysis?
Peter Trudgill: Languages in Contact and Isolation: Mature Phenomena and Societies of Intimates
Dictionary
Did Romance languages keep their verb conjugation better than Germanic because they didn't tend to word-initial (root-initial?) stress?
Linguistics resources for psychotherapist?
Could you please recommend a book that could help me study nouns?
How is Taiwanese Southern Min (TSM) most commonly written?
Voiced pharyngealized consonants in Arabic
Sapir-Whorf and Everett
F and p sound switch
I'm interested in the etymology of amen and I found this: א־מ־ן being the root word, but can't find anything about it written in a language that I can understand. Any help?
Why are infixes so much rarer in linguistics than prefixes and suffixes?
Semiotics and cognition?
Measuring Lexical Diversity in Spanish texts?
What is the inferred meaning of the modern "I mean" phrase?
Video games that use linguistics or languages?
Crossposting here because people here might be able to answer my question in a more academic manner
Etruscan and Norse
what is the most interesting paper you read in the field of phonology in terms of the brilliance of its analysis?
English corpora study ideas.
Links Between the 20 Most Used Syllable Sounds in the English Language [OC]
Higher Ed Wednesday - January 13, 2021
How did French end up only having stress on the last syllable?
Origin of PIE declensions?
Are there any resources on Norn onomastics?
What was “daughter” in Pictish?
Prefix case marking
Looking for clarification re: how the Celtic languages are classified
Book recommendations (:
Does anyone have literature/sources containing etymologies of Swahili words?
Where can I find statistical information on baby's first words around the world - what those words are, and how old the children are when they speak it.
Realization of Japanese /r/ as [n]
Etymological Meaning in Place Names and Proper Names
Study on Republicans and Democrats difference in response to mask-wearing benefits worded in different ways?
Record linguistic phenomena in the wild
Heterorganic phonemes
Questions regarding reconstruction of Proto-languages
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - January 11, 2021
Research in historical linguistics
Words/phrases for most diverse mouth shape
Tonal/Pitch Distinctions in English - Use(verb) vs Use(noun)
Any info about inspirassion.com?
If italy was so linguistically diverse, why does everybody have standard italian sounding names(even before unification)
Making a gift for my friend, a linguistics professor, and could use some ideas!
Any study on discourse particles in Jakartan Indonesian?
What are the differences between Classical Latin in 2nd and 6th century?
Why do days of the week have Germanic roots, but Months kept their Latin roots?
Semantic satiation research
Dropping personal pronouns in 1800-1900 diary entries.
Genuine question about the language and pronounciation of the word "antifa"..
History of North-Central American English?
Why are some Lakes called Lake Whatever and some Whatever Lake?
What are the "hottest" topics and "biggest" debates in linguistics today?
/w/ in old norse descendants
Who Invented the Alphabet?
Interesting books for language teachers?
Is pun-based humour popular among tonal language speakers as much as among English speakers? Should tones in two words with identical phoneme structure also be similar/identical to each other to make a pun of them, and how much can they be similar?
Language/dialect extinction, study, and use
Do Chinese Characters still have their place in Taiwanese Southern Min?
Grammatically animating inanimate objects?
Historical Linguistics. (Resources)
Looking for Khmer and Burmese text corpora
Serbo-Croatian
Has anyone been able to reconstruct the Scythian and/or Sarmatian language?
Why is Korean spelling etymological for some positional consonant shifts but not others?
Cardinal direction adjectives in proper nouns (North Macedonia vs Northern Macedonia; North Korea vs. Northern Ireland; South Africa vs Southern Africa; South Florida vs Southern California). What does the -ern suffix imply exactly, if anything? Why is one chosen over the other?
Hello, I'm a programmer and I've seen language maps compiled by linguists that show how far apart languages are.
Thoughts on "GOAT" vowel in Michigan English as [ʌu] or maybe even [ʌou]? Any documentation?
Morphosyntactic alignment of Georgian
Switches in British accents from /wɒ/ to /wɑ/
Spoken Diction Vs. Signing Diction
Are there theories for where the current language families come from?
In a dependency grammar, what does it mean for a word to DEPEND on another?
Why is Latin classified as a fusional language?
Does English technically have /i/ and /u/?
Has anyone else noticed a shift in General American from aspirated stops to a [stop + velar or uvular fricative] sequence?
In the beggining God created nouns or verbs?
Are there language which distinguish voicedness in fricatives, but not stops?
Taiwanese Southern Min Orthographical Standardization
Theoretical frameworks for understanding metaphor processing/comprehension?
Can someone explain to me the pumping lemma?
Different interpretations of sentences?
Higher Ed Wednesday - January 06, 2021
Strange Phonological Inventories
What's this kind of comparative called?
Looking for an approachable book or videos about the Germanic languages.
Etymology of the Maltese, Mediterranean Compass (Cardinal Directions)
South African English Conjugation
Information structure
Help with Praat Script (Speech rate)
How long can a word root be?
When did Slavic become distinct from the rest of Balto Slavic fsmily?
Are there any corpora like PAROLE that aren't PAROLE?
What are the most interesting studies done recently about second language acquisition?
Since Proto-Germanic is dated to around ~500 B.C., why does Gothic seem relatively unchanged, compared to North and West Germanic? (despite it being 2/3 as old as those languages)
Identifying Hindi words common with Persian for letter "te"
Abstract Word Semantics.I’ve been tasked with doing a linguistics study for my university
Language acquisition by virtual agent (The Folks’Talks game project)
Grimm Brother's 'German Dictionary' celebrates 60th jubilee
Egyptian dialogue in Stargate film
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - January 04, 2021
What were the differences between asian greek (parthian,seleucid,etc) and old greek?
Undergraduate asking for help concerning Situational-Language-Teaching exam paper
The surprising grammar of touch: Language emergence in DeafBlind communities
The "Mill-Million" merger in American English (Dark- Clear L merger)
Subglottal and Oral Pressure
Help with deep and surface structure tree diagram drawing
LF: Person well-versed in Malayo-Polynesian (MP) languages, MP expansion. (FOR CONSULTATION PURPOSES)
Why almost no songs in Cantonese?
The Sun Language Theory suggests that all languages are the descendants of a common Turkic ancestor - What are the details of this theory and what "evidence" did they use to justify it?
In what ways do/did pure Hangul suit the Korean language more than the mixed Hanja-Hangul script?
How to read a linguistics article (Basic tips by Prof. Dr. Martin Hilpert's Youtube channel video)
The root of the Germanic past tense suffix
Reading recommendations for info on "slur-ification" of terms for stigmatized groups of people?
Cornish language actant encoding
How likely is that the Egyptian language (Coptic) is still spoken in remote parts of Egypt, as this article says?
What happens if you have 12 different people speak 12 different languages to a baby from 0-2 years of age
Why is sound-based language the default?
Measuring vowels in Praat
A few questions about synesthesia and language learning (specifically, learning vocabulary)
How do you think we could improve language education?
Why does Hungary speak a Uralic languages, while all of its neighbours don’t?
Meet Vanuatu's first Sign Language Teacher
Could yall please suggest and possible source out Books that deal with language history and how they came to be( im not sure what the exact term for this field of study would be)
How do languages with consonant-heavy inventories handle yelling and communicating over long distances?
Is Hopi a Numic Language?
Is it possible to reconstruct what morphemes (ablative, dual, synthetic passive, Optative) WOULD HAVE looked like in Old English, had they survived from PIE?
Do we know what ancient Germanic was like?
Object pronouns in phrasal verbs
Pre-Labialization
Contour vs Register Tones
Origin of Split-Ergativity?
Diphtongs ao & uo in Serbo-Croatian
Word order parser
Is there a reason why Mandarin has a neutral tone?
The odd Spanish that my g-grandmother spoke, who lived in a small town in the Venezuelan Andes
What's an interesting feature of your native language or a language you've studied?
2020 Online Course on East Caucasian Languages, Hosted by the Linguistic Convergence Laboratory (13 lectures now posted on YouTube)
Father Reginald Foster Used Latin to Bring History Into the Present: Who speaks Latin these days? A surprisingly large number of people, thanks to the late friar, who died on Christmas Day at 81
Best books on neurolinguistics?
Andrew Carnie recently opened a YouTube channel full of lectures on generative grammar to promote the 4th edition of his celebrated textbook
Free mastery-based linguistics assignments
Were there any Germanic languages that were written in the Cyrillic alphabet?
"So" as a discourse marker
Very simple question about ambiguity.
Why does the Thai language have so many Sanskrit and so few Chinese loanwords?
How do linguists know when something is useful as opposed to non-useful?
Higher Ed Wednesday - December 30, 2020
Anyone know of a compiled list of sound changes from Proto-NEC to Lezgian?
Any good reconstructions of Burgundian (East Germanic), Pannonian Romance, British Latin, Norn, Vandalic, Greenlandic Norse, Vandalic, Mozarabic/Andalusi Romance, Suebian, Slovincian, Polabian, Norn, Proto-Brythonic or Cumbrian personal names?
Are there any documented hunter-gatherer languages with honorific speech? Or are honorifics a result of social hierarchization?
No word-initial /r/ in Altaic-sprachbund languages?
Low fee journals for language-related papers
Singing in Tonal Languages
Why are the present and preterite forms of werden/worden in German and Dutch "reversed"?
Does anyone ever get tired of “why don’t you join the military to study linguistics?”
English /k/ fricative(?) allophone
Languages with vouvoiement?
What do you think about Sapir’s concept of drift as described in ‘Language: An Introduction to the Study of Speech’?
Why doesn't the PIE "desiderative" suffix count as a future tense?
In search of a computational model of meaning
Broad Irish consonants indistinguishable from unvelarized variaties?
Norman influence on English poetry
Syntagmatic Grammar Examples
Questions about Basque
Does the sonority hierarchy operate at the phonemic or phonetic level?
What are some good places to discuss and ask detailed questions about Indo-European studies?
Did Proto-Semitic have an emphatic /p/ ?
[Psycholinguistics] Statistical analysis by subjects/items
Advice on reporting interview results?
Double marking uses outside of agreement?
I'm teaching an intro to linguistics course at the university level this coming quarter. Would anyone be interested if I uploaded the lectures and made them open-access?
(Phil. languages) Does anyone know why Waray-Waray is so different from Cebuano/Hiligaynon?
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - December 28, 2020
Best books/texts about Linguistics which are *not in English*?
My first public draft - "A Preliminary Hypothesis of Austro-Japonic" (Apologies if not allowed)
An amateur philologist developing interest in this field (specifically the reconstruction of Germanic tongues)
What is your opinion about Linguistics Olympiads?
Nicholas Cage is doing a Netflix series on the etymology of swears and I am BEYOND excited
Research on the syntactic alternation ‘zero complementation’ / overt vs covert ‘that’
Is anyone familiar with Chomsky's (apparently very) exciting new work in linguistics?
Lingthusiasm published inaccurate facts about Esperanto, can anything be done?
When did Japanese get all it's Chinese loans?
American vs Canadian grammar
Accents on *The Crown*
What would constitute counter-evidence to the prime-status of Wierzbickan semantic primes?
Is the RP accent diglossia?
What is the reason for Ethiopia speaking Semitic languages?
Some questions about the language distribution of the Mongolian Plateau
When did French start using ‘___ et moi’ instead of ‘__ et je’ as a first person plural subject pronoun? And why?
From the perspective of a linguist, what's the easiest way for me to learn how to read and write a language I already speak?
Any good books on the linguistics of humor?
Stress shifts caused by derivational and inflectional affixes?
Most stable vowel in English dialects
Negation of verbs with non-nominative subjects in Tamil
Charlotte Brontë's "Villette," published in 1853, has a significant amount of dialogue in untranslated French—was this common of novels at the time, and would Brontë's audience have generally understood enough French to follow along?
Does rhotacism occur in languages that have a guttural 'r', like French and German? If so, what sound is it replaced with?
Some questions about English Language mergers and splits
A London Accent from the 14th to the 21st Century
The First Noel - An Etymological Christmas Carol
Non-alphabetic languages and subvocalization
In languages with inalienable possession, is it treated as an inherent property of the noun (like gender) or is it subject to the belief of the speaker?
A Phonemic Romanization for Burmese?
Trying to help my SO (native Mandarin speaker) pronounce words like "hall"/"wall"
Question regarding the Semitic languages
gate-gait split in Indian English
Any particular reason why French has less tenses compared to other Romance languages like Spanish?
what were your misconceptions about linguistics?
I want to speak like Sam Harris, who I believe has a Californian accent, not sure which one. Are there any sources I can use to get IPA transcription of how words are supposed to sound for that specific accent?
Higher Ed Wednesday - December 23, 2020
Pronunciation of "wolf". Possible Bull-Bowl merger.
The Buddhist origin of the Korean word for 'uncooked grain'
How can I contribute to linguistics as a layman?
Info on Prelabialization
I’m considering changing my major to linguistics and I had a quick question.
Before the influence/introduction of Latin to other languages, what did they use for punctuation marks?
Is American English more influenced by other European languages than British English because of the variety of immigrants to the US
How does tripartite alignment develop?
How can we identify affricate?
Excellent documentary on Yilan Creole, the Japanese-based Creole spoken in some indigenous Atayal villages in Taiwan
Pronunciation of velar fricatives
Is this coincidence?
What is the future of historical linguistics and language documentation for more 'explored' languages?
I had the pleasure of conducting Chomsky's only AMA in the past few years, published today, and it focuses on cognitive science, linguistics, consciousness, and psychology. Hopefully you enjoy. Likely another AMA will occur in 2021 so leave any Q's in comments. (x-post r/NoamChomsky)
Drink/drank/drunk and specialization?
What's in a name? Why do some linguists not call it African American Vernacular English (AAVE) anymore? — Language Jones
Are there any records of Semitic and Cushitic speakers of the Horn seeing similarities between their languages?
Do vowel-roots exist?
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - December 21, 2020
Question on a non-verbal sound, what is the origin?
“Standards” in linguistics: is it only about form or can it be about discours too?
Which dialect of persian has retained the most from middle persian?
Apart from a single ritual language in Australia, only the Khoisan languages in Southern Africa are known to have clicks - Is it probable that there were other languages with clicks beyond Southern Africa and a single Australian tribe?
Would Shakespeare have been able to understand Chaucer?
Two interconnected questions about Kartvelian languages (especially Zan)
What language did Romans speak after 3rd century?
Do the declensions of Latin share a common ancestor? An ur-form from which all declensions descend?
Is there a model of how PIE manage to get his complex morphology?
Why do we use irony/sarcasm?
My seven year old interested in Linguistics
Non-Māori-speaking New Zealanders have a Māori proto-lexicon. Non-speakers have surprisingly sophisticated knowledge of the language — study in Nature.com
What kinds of similarities are there in Native American Languages?
How consistent are the mechanisms by which languages evolve and/or creolize?
Would anyone happen to know where/how to get a complete volume of the Yuzhi Wuti Qing Wenjian in the US?
Need help on syntactical types of constructions (Endocentric, Exocentric)
What’s your country’s "word of the year"
Monogenesis V.S. Polygenesis
Intentional ungrammaticality is rather common in French comedy. What about other languages?
Old-English => Middle-English
The impact of prelingual deafness on various linguistic processes
Romansch Phonological History Sources?
What branches of Chinese would the Sino-Xenic languages be on?
Book review – Neanderthal Language: Demystifying the Linguistic Powers of our Extinct Cousins
Can a bilingual person's first and second languages flip?
Why is Italian not considered "modern Latin" like English is considered "modern English"?
Acronym + Initialism hybrid?
Looking for Recommendations for a Comprehensive French Grammar
Why does a nation like the Netherlands have way less distinctive accents than a nation like the UK?
Article from the independent.co.uk claims “THINKING IN A SECOND LANGUAGE HINDERS IMAGINATION, STUDY FINDS”— thoughts?
Puerto Rican Spanish: NYC vs On Island
Looking for sources on verbs in early modern English.
Where are the extinct, lesser attested Indo-European languages like Thracian, Illyrian, Dacian, Phrygian, etc thought to be on the family tree nowadays?
A working definition of "rhotics"?
The island of Britain has a stereotype for having a boat load of accents, especially compared to other English speaking regions. Is this notion true, and if so, what factors contribute to it being so?
How do you whisper heavily tonal languages? Especially those that are nasal as well?
Stylometric analysis suggests that QAnon's mysterious leader 'Q' is actually multiple people
How mutually intelligible are the regional languages of Spain?
Database for IPA symbols by language
Higher Ed Wednesday - December 16, 2020
MIT study: Reading computer code doesn't activate brain's language-processing centers
Semantic satiation in non L1 language
Interpretations of idioms
Are markedness and the Sonority Sequencing Principle language universals?
Pronunciation of lenited s and f (sh/fh) in old/middle Gaelic
How can I collect twitter tweets without specific word/hashtag in mind (I'm using R)?
Impact of linguistics on History as a subject.
Why do some IE have both case declension and heavy preposition usage?
Any places to read up on Proto-Gallo-Romance sound changes?
Hiberno-English Dialects: a few examples of Irish-language influence on Hiberno-English
Replacement of dental fricatives in the Hungarian accent of English
Older Germanic Languages and Icelandic
I edited some Wiktionary entries (Latin words with nasal infix), someone help check? 😄🙏
Saying "this is good" versus "I like this / I find this useful ect."
Does your mother tongue affect the way you laugh?
Doctoral thesis (pdf, 311 pages): „Planning of the Amharic language against a background of planning processes in ethnic and of artificial languages”
Why does English use different capitalization rules in titles?
Why did anatolia and central asia go from left to right to the opposite while europe kept the same way of writing?
Strong verbs in German
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - December 14, 2020
The difference between syntactical and semantical 'ungrammaticality'?
Why do some Celtic surnames beginning with the Mac or Mc stress the first syllable while most stress the second?
Interewting undergrad studies?
How to write a linguistic squib paper?
Redundant modals
Motivation for the notion of specifiers in syntax
Fellow Lexicon Valley Listeners Out There?
Linguistics in The Novel
How close are the pronunciation of Sino words in Japanese, Vietnamese & Korean vs Middle Chinese, or Cantonese?
Edumacation Morphology
Evolution of Japanese and Korean Written Scripts from late-19th to early 20th century? (and role of intellectual movements on that?)
Has there been any research on what kinds of people are the first to exhibit sound changes? Or how long from the first documented changes until it becomes widespread?
Morphology
Why aren't there modern languages written in a boustrophedon way?
Help with aboriginal languages needed.
In the song “All I Want For Christmas” singers often substitute /s/ for /θ/ to characterize the lisp made by missing your two front teeth. What speech sound errors would you actually make if your two front teeth were missing?
Is there anywhere in the Anglosphere where a genuine diglossia exists?
New to corpus analysis: What software do I look into to search for specific word/phrases in a corpus of student essays?
German and English Cognates - A Little Analysis
First names sounds
Danish loss of consonants?
Do any of the Mayan languages have documented clicks?
Changes in voice pitch in the same person while using different languages - part of the language?
Lithuanian poetry
please i need help
Context of Situation - Systemic Functional Grammar - Halliday
New study tests machine learning on detection of borrowed words in world languages
What is the correlation between languages having case marking particles also having their verbs at the end?
Transitivity in Systemic Functional Grammar?
Why do welsh last names sound so familiar in the US, but the language itself sounds completely alien?
Study on Framing and Metaphors in the Covid-19 Discourse
Does anyone have good knowledge in suprasegmental phonology, prosody and sentence stress ?
Dog training in tonal languages
how would you test for cross-linguistic transfer?
"se" and "si" switched in Italian vs. other Romance Languages
Old South-East British Accents
Numbers beyond ten naming convention
Dummy auxiliary in SOV languages
What is the best computer program for arranging a language’s corpus by most used words?
Phonological rules in pidgins
Best postgraduate-level video lecture series of the plague year?
How attested is old persian?
Are there any examples of the diaspora of a country strongly influencing the language of the country they came from?
What do we know about the Continental Celtic languages (Gaulish, Galacian, etc), and why have none survived?
Syllabic Consonants in Polish?
Experimenting with Syntax
Thoughts on tenseless languages?
Direction of time with before and after
Why are acronyms so common in false etymologies?
Phonetics multilingual comparison guide website/tool idea
Could Pama-Nyungan be descended from Indian migrants to Australia?
Hungarian Vowels - Short and Long A and E
How did Ukrainian depalatalize the Proto-Slavic /i/, but not /e/, /ě/, and /ь/?
Is it true that you can ignore Albanian completely when reconstructing Proto-Indo-European?
What is your take on "binary" syntax trees?
Universal Grammar : Where can a beginner find good resources?
Question about Latin
Dr Christopher Lucas (2018) | Maltese as a window on Arabic, and vice-versa - 2018
Is the Indo-European family overstudied?
On the Usage of なそう and なさそう (adapted from Japanese)
[Middle Chinese] Were the n (泥) and ɳ (娘) initials redundant distinctions?
English orthography causing non-native speakers to render certain phonetic features differently?
How did /ch/ and /tch/ develop in English orthography? Did they ever represent different phonemes?
A Question on Lexical Sets 22 and 23
Is it possible to have a language whose grammar can only be explained diachronically?
Higher Ed Wednesday - December 09, 2020
How sure can we be that we know Sumerian pronunciation and what evidence do we have for its pronunciation?
What evidence do we have that the ancient Pictish language was a Brittonic language and not a Goidelic language?
Diphthong /ʊ̯ɔ/ in other languages
Random spike in the usage of the word "like" around 1595
Question- Recommended Reading on Evolution of Languages / Language Families
Could the British Romance language(s) be classified as its own branch of Romance languages?
Accents in Spanish
Is there an argument to make, that Sardinian is the only surviving member of the otherwise extinct African Romance language(s)?
How accurate is my understanding of “what counts as a dialect”?
Bachelor's degree thesis
North Picene / Novilara Stele Research
Does the word "boil" have two syllables?
Linguistics major
Why mainstream RP is not extensively discussed like conservative or contemporary RP?
Do you know any good "pop" linguistics articles about code switching?
Looking for resources
How do kids learn a language?
Rise and fall of /θ/?
Need help finding linguistic data base
Do we know, or have theories, regarding how long a native language will disappear/be replaced after a process of colonization/domination?
Do Americans/Australians/British people have different accents when speaking foreign languages?
Question - Other Alveolar Fricative Trills
How Many Languages Are There? The answer is, of course, a bit more complicated than you might think.
Vowel Changes in Polish
Pronunciation of the letter O in Middle and Modern English
This week's Q&A thread -- please read before asking or answering a question! - December 07, 2020
Morphologically accurate description on Japanese verbs?
Noam Chomsky book recommendation?
Which ancient language do we know the most about?
What is the origin of the “dt” digraph in German?
Which Romance language has the most phonetically/phonologically divergent dialects?
Re-introduction of voiced dental fricative in Old English?
Alternative pathways/opportunities
Grammatical gender of "agua" in Spanish?
Can someone help me find the phonological/vowel history of the German language? (Like the one posted below)
Cormac McCarthy
Might be a dumb question but like why is the "th" sound so hard for non native English speakers to say? And why is it not present in any of English's sister languages.
(German) Overlong i in older (young Boomers and older) people Ruhr district accent.
Is there a to-chew merger?
How much middle persian do we know (vocabulary,grammar,etc)?
How much about bactrian do we know (words,grammar,etc)? Did they write their inscriptions in capital letters only?
How did printing and then computers / phone change the way arabic was written ?
Zero Morphemes | Oxford Research Encyclopedia of Linguistics
How do languages that a) lack the neuter and b) have gendered 2nd person pronouns handle transgender-related pronoun changes? (I'm thinking of Hebrew but I'm sure there are others)
Solutions for Doing Optimality Theory (McCarthy 2008)
Where do elements like /r/ (trill) enter various English accents?
Are there languages that do not have fruit-vegetable distinction and use something completely different?
What is the origin of Japanese "nani" meaning what?
Recommend me some books about the history of English grammar, please
Any recommendations for books on historical linguistics?
Is the Clear Script still actively used by people or has it been completely replaced by other scripts?
Given the large number of languages with the sound corresponding most recent addition to the IPA (labiodental flap, sorry I don't have the IPA on my phone), is it reasonable to think that we may see more sounds added in the next decade or two?
How do translators of books and movies deal with situations where conjugating in your language would give away a secret?
Is it Knit? Knitted? Both? How did we get here?
Why are Nasal Fricatives so rare that they are (almost) exclusively in the domain of disordered speech?
Describing language's morphology
Why are lexical borrowings between Indo-Iranian and Uralic completely unidirectional?
What evidence is there that points towards the Jeju "dialect" being a Koreanic language and not just a dialect of Korean?
Syllabification of rare plosives with liquids
Regarding initials used as nicknames, why is it that I have an intuition that A. J, K. J, or C. J, are completely acceptable, while something like H. C. would not be acceptable?
How come Slavic languages share so many similarities with Sanskrit? (I know it's IE, trying to dig deeper)
Breakdown and Evaluation of Proposed Gender-Neutral Pronouns in English
Why do so many languages express their first twenty numbers with a decimal system basis?
Why is /s/ + stop such a common exception to the SSP?
How has the American newscaster accent evolved recently?
How comes in kazakh [jɪ] is seen as it's own phoneme
Questions about Native American naming traditions/patterns
How does the process of adding a new letter to an alphabet work?
Why is the first syllable in ‘police’ stressed in AAVE?
Why does [st͡ʃ] sound like [sd͡ʒ] to some non-native English speakers?
Some estimates have Afro-Asiatic being as old as 18,000 years old. Since the indigenous people of the Americas are thought to descend from a single population about 15,000 years ago, why does there seem to be so little evidence of an 'Amerind' language family?
The importance of Panini's grammar to the development of modern linguistics
Apparently the Romans inherited the Latin alphabet from the Etruscans. Why did the direction flip?
How much is it known about the language of the old Taino people of the Caribbean?
Why doesb't English have triphtongs?
When have linguistics and archaeology been used to interpret one another?
A little book of language by Crystal David.
Are there any languages that don't have a natural way of expressing gratitude? Why is expressing gratitude common in languages?
Hypercorrection of th-stopping in Irish English
what are some misconceptions you’ve heard from people when you told them you study linguistics (aside from them asking, “how many languages do you speak?”)?
parapraxis vs unintentional double entendres
Are there any set phrase or fixed phrase lists in a book or website somewhere? Maybe with some explanations of why to use it.
Do geminate stops form the coda of a syllable in Tamil?
Semitic Languages reading recommendations
Language and Sexuality
Higher Ed Wednesday - December 02, 2020
Why are people so bad at distinguishing writing and language?
Is there a difference in meaning of passive and antipassive voice?
What do we know for certain about the extinct East Germanic languages (Gothic, Burgundian, Vandalic)?
Translating lost languages using machine learning: to what extent are languages being "deciphered" with this MIT project?
Linguistic research using Pokemon names!
TWOLC source?
How is proficiency/fluency tested for sign languages?
How does children's talk work in polysynthetic and other non-analytic languages?
What is the most interesting syllable structure you've encountered?
How has Arabic become the official language of so many countries?
Truly Multi/Bilingual areas?
does georgian have a true /v/ sound?
Polish Digraph Rz
Do any good sources exist for the etymologies of Irish place-names?
Excited for vs. about
Is modern education killing off languages?
Searching for German dialect grammars
Do illiterate adults have similar difficulties learning to read and write as those learning a new language as adults have?
A question about Sino-Vietnamese readings and sound changes from fricative /s/ into stop /t/
Palatalization of velar stops before non-high front vowels in English
