Quotient rings
Are there symmetry rules for odd and even functions with respect to the arguments?
Are there any famous modern mathematicians that are North African/ Arab/ Muslim? I understand that a mathematician's ethnicity is not important, but being someone from that group who is just getting into math, having every famous mathematician be European or American is sometimes disheartening.
Happy Pi Day! Made a Scratch version of the Pi Runner Flash game.
How are high precision floating point calculations done?
About plane normals and the angles
Looking for the name of this sieve
Caluclus Notation
How Many Decimals of Pi Do We Really Need? For NASA the answer is 15
Runge Kutta Methods? which is more accurate and why?
What is the geometric interpretation of dy/dx for the folium of Descartes?
5 Points or 5 Tangents Define a Conic Desmos Construction
what other subjects, besides AG, have "hidden" prereqs, and what are they?
What exactly is a fresnel integral, and what is it used for?
Geometric Analysis
Improving Math Content/Skills As A Math Teacher
Does anyone have any first-hand experience with the U. of Michigan Math and Science Scholars Program?
The Partition function used as a prime generator.
MathOverflow discussion: "some examples of colorful language in serious mathematics papers"
Pi Day Megathread
Two-dimensional Fibonacci sequence (Odd and even distribution)
Visualization for nash equilibria - literally
Suggestion on "An introduction to mathematical cryptography" editions
If a mathematics undergrad were to travel back in time...
Matrix norms on tensor products
Padovan n-step number sequences
With the end of the term drawing near, I figured I'd let you know about my YouTube channel covering post-secondary Math/Physics in fairly rigorous detail!
Interested in unusual power series (and series in general) -- unexpected things, slow convergence, oscillations, numeric evaluation problems, several poles, ...
Finiteness condition on continuous maps
boolean space entropy
Electronically Drawing Consistency Models/Diagrams to go along with Theorems
The 2nd book in probability
ODE's and PDE's in my undergrad
This Week I Learned
Question about "Go-First Dice"
Given matrix $A \in \mathbb{R}^{m \times n}$ ($m > n$) how to determine whether a positive linear combination exists?
A little relationship I noticed between graphs and binary operations
Cryptographic Algorithm: The XEdDSA and VXEdDSA Signature Schemes by Signal
Vidit Nanda's Computational Algebraic Topology Lecture Notes
Why does blowing up play a crucial role in many proofs?
Great Mathematicians Playing Cards (+ Inclusion Debate!)
Borger’s Absolute Geometry, Anyone?
expected fraction in the formula of network modularity
Implementation of tessarines in Mathematica
Using a nuclear bomb to fry an egg
How to not forget random things during a test
Algebraic geometry is kicking my ass
Doing Logit Regressions by Hand?
Collaborative Research
Upper bound on function approximation using basis functions
Looking for Collections of Math Related Images
What is the purpose of talks?
Is there a name for divisor sum sequences, similar to the Aliquot sum/sequence?
Chaos Theory and Classical Mechanics
Looking To Pair With A New Mathematician To Draft Type-Set Course Notes
Career and Education Questions
Finite Fields
convergence analysis for today's xkcd
Applied Mathematics for Dynamical non-equalibrium self-organizing complex systems
Anyone else just suddenly had math just "click" with them?
Are there any famous mathematicians who grew up poor?
Looking for a copy of Spivak Differential Geometry Vol 3 3rd edition
An xkcd comic you could probably write a couple papers about
How do you define the complex number field without reference to any of its substructures?
What is a Holonomy? (In Laymen's terms)
Putnam Extension?
Help with understanding stochastic processes
Dover books for Grad School Prep/Refresher?
Looking for a book on infinite approximations
Fun examples of non-measurable sets
Simple Questions
Video series on Graph Theory with Python
Martin Hairer (2014 Fields Medal) explains his discovery of a new universality class which he calls the 'Brownian Castle', and discusses his latest work on the unsolved Yang-Mills Millennium Problem. (Part 1 explaining the 'Tetris' software is linked in the comments).
Anyone have links or video lectures for Modern Algebra/Abstract Algebra?
Iterative algorithm for finding closest orthonormal matrix
Can you guys summarize all the mathematical tools like latex, manim etc. So new guys won't feel :if I'd known it before
Any John H. Conway fans out there?
Concerned about mathematics with aphantasia
A Concrete Application of Higher Topos Theory
Free lecture series on intro to cohomology
Looking for some sort of tool/program to visualize math that I input. Something like a graph, but with more customizability, and at least 3 dimensions. Something physics-friendly?
Is there an intuitive reason why the Fourier series of a triangle wave has harmonics that scale with n^2 whereas a square wave has harmonics that scale with n?
Study Group for McCarthy's Topology(:An Introduction with Applications to Topological Groups)
Discussing Living Proof: Anxiety Attacked Me, But I Survived, by Ken Millett
What if we make real ordinals?
My personal maths blog
On David Robert's blog: "This argument of Mochizuki doesn’t make sense to me"
Compass and Straight-Edge Constructions
Most important inequality in mathematics
A "Modular Form" visualised in 3D. (Ramanujan Delta Function)
Analyzing Dataset Consistency [R]
Distribution of Primes Along a Hilbert Curve
The Logarithm of a Sum
Announcement: /r/math's 14th Graduate School Panel's Call for Volunteers
What Are You Working On?
Example of second order linear recurrence relation with constant coefficients
Axler's Measure, Integration & Real Analysis study group
Now that we're at ~31 trillion digits of pi...
Linear algebra project recommendation
Earliest Known Uses of Some of the Words of Mathematics
Is there a platform that you plug in a mathematical statement to be proven and software does it for you?
Stuck with trace equalities of Hermitian positive matrices
Tips to learn mathematics from a visually impaired mathematician working at Google ~ T V Raman.
The combinatorics of stacking LEGO bricks
Keeping a journal for maths.
Why/not Pure Maths?
Game Theory – Open Yale Courses
What's the most abstract / roundabout way of defining Euclidean space?
Anyone applying to Sumac? (Stanford University Mathematics Camp)
Why do we teach Cramer's rule to engineers?
Is there any benefit in notating my proff in math form instead of words?
The endless cycle of worthlessness.
Math concepts to include in infographic
Schatten 1- Norm
Guide to understand when to use which wavelet
Graph plotting software for nasty function
Recommendation for fictional works that have a core of mathematics underlying them
An edgy intro to graphs of interpersonal relationships
Estimating the probability of a rare event that hasn't happened once
Open Problem Garden
A Light Intro To Tensors (long form content test, looking for feedback on article style)
Is there a field of math, unrelated to your work, that you are studying just because it's interesting?
Do mathematicians or mathematically inclined folks struggle in any way in quantitative but distinct fields i.e physics, engineering, chemistry etc?
How does the Berlekamp-Massey Algorithm work?
Triangulating Math, Mozart and ‘Moby-Dick’
Most interesting math books
Mochizuki strikes again !
I'm working on a video series inspired by 3Blue1Brown, about interesting geometric shapes and math. Here's my next video.
Videos with accompanying problems
Recs for a Book on the History of Mathematics?
Why algebraic geometry though?
Would you recommend "I want to be a mathematician" by Paul Halmos?
Recommendations for book on Computational Methods for Inverse Problems
What is the strongest lemma you've seen?
How do you understand the motivation behind higher level math proofs?
A good book on conformal geometry?
Quaternions and Physics
Disorganized thinking and doing proofs
Is there a mistake in Black Litterman Bayesian paper?
Sleeping beauty and Quantum probability
What Is Mathematics? [New Yorker]
Is the field of Stochastic Differential Equations more like Probability or Differential Equations?
This Week I Learned
A question regarding the mathematical philosophy of Leibniz
Richard Borcherds Q&A
Largest permutable prime
I Feel Like My Maths Knowledge Is Getting Worse
Hey math people of reddit Why do so many mathematics graduates end up being high school teacher?
What are some examples of the natural logarithm and/or Euler's number in nature?
Euclidean Time name origins
After 100 Years, Can We Finally Crack Post’s Problem of Tag?
Career and Education Questions
Automated Theorem Provers?
Is the application of continued fractions to approximation theory still a relevant topic?
Inspired by another post I wanted to share another small YouTube channel that has some excellent content, Professor Robert Ghrist. The production quality he has put into his video series is immense and I strongly urge you to check out his multivariable calculus videos.
Stochastic Calculus: Equivalence between diffusion and persistence ?
Enclosing a circle using three (four or five) triangles with smallest area?
"Imaginary number is such a bad name"- I kept hearing this phrase, but I have never heard of a better replacement.
Is it possible to provide proof after a computationally-expensive calculation?
Does the infinitely-many-primes proof eventually produce all primes?
I'm looking to learn more about the equations/mathematics behind 2D and 3D shapes, any resource suggestions?
Self-Study Model Theory
Simple Questions
Any recommendations for additional reading for Mathematical Physics?
Statistics Postdoc Tames Decades-Old Geometry Problem
Happening today! An AMA with Sal Khan and Richard Rusczyk.
A (smaller?) Youtube Channel that deserves some love, Professor Macauley, which I found when looking for a quick refresher on Galois Theory and which has a number of nice, succinct lectures
Math and Stats way into Finance!
Category theory self study
AMA about Ross, an online summer mathcamp
What if whether you went to prison, or walked free, hinged on a mathematical theorem? Tom Rocks Maths intern Alex Homer talks to two legal experts about how Bayes' Theorem can - or indeed cannot - be used in the courtroom. The answer might surprise you... [Podcast with full transcript]
Degree Reversed Lexicographic Ordering
Question about primes
Fast Factoring Integers by SVP Algorithms
Classical field theory and the Euler-Lagrange equations: a mathematician-friendly introduction
Wikipedia definitions sometimes makes me squirm.
"A Pathway to Equitable Math Instruction" and white supremacy in math
Commutative Algebra Textbook Recommendations
Discussing Living Proof: How I Learned to Research Like the Incredible Hulk (or I’m Always Angry) by Robert Vallin
I read about noncommutative geometry and I would like to code a renderer to visualize it, how would I go about this?
Sequences that seem to infinitely repeat but do not
Convolution of a function and its inverse
What are some almost-Millennium Prize level problems that can be stated in such a way as to be understood by an average young person?
How do I compare signals and group them (for an AI)?
What's new since "The Code Book"?
Calculus/Analysis and Error Correcting Codes
I did not get into any PhD programs for pure math. What do I do now?
Is e(π)^2 rational, irrational, or undetermined? Why?
What can we learn about the properties of particular infinite series?
Nonlinear Dynamics
Looking for in-depth discussion about size comparison of large numbers/fast growing functions
How to motivate standard deviation
Book suggestions on dynamical systems
Matching rules for original penrose tiling
What Are You Working On?
CodeParade - Sounds of the Mandelbrot Set
Is expected value broken?
Mathematicians in industry, do you still learn mathematics for fun at your own free time?
[MathOverflow] Mathematicians using physical experiments for mathematical ends
Why does most scientists belive n ≠ np?
"Fargues and Scholze have uploaded [...] one direction of the local Langlands correspondence" to the arXiv.
Escapism via math
Is statistics a branch of mathematics?
Math Writer: Rich Text Web Based Math Editor with Markdown, AsciiMath and LaTeX
What are the two fields of mathematical research which seem unrelated but are deeply connected to each other?
The Origins of Modern Theories of Integration by Thomas Hawkins (Jstor link)
Where Can I Learn About Cohen's Forcing Technique?
Approximation of W(1), exact to the 9th digit
Eigenvectors of slightly different matrices
Math History Documentaries and Books
How to fix the percentage of falling of height of Likelihood when I project the edge 1 C.L sigma 2D joint distribution on the 1D Likelihood
Interesting differential equation that I found an answer to on MathOverflow f''(x) = f(f(x))
Why is it that YouTube is better at teaching math than college professors?
Homeomorphisms on manifolds
Last year I posted here some fractals that are generated using complex numbers. I studied during months the proprieties and functions of iterated complex functions systems. Here are my best results.
Why π^π^π^π could be an integer (for all we know!)
Can tax brackets be solved with convolution?
Bayesian model for highly applied decision making in American football
Accidents in Mathematics
A concise and precise book on Introductory Probability theory?
Recurrence Relation Involving Centroids
Math Blog
How to like doing math?
Properties of nested algorithm of absolute value. What exactly is happening?
[Math.SE] Noah Schweber on the relative strength of several mathematical theories, from first-order arithmetics to large cardinals
American Institute of Mathematics on closing of Fry's Electronics
I've been playing around with cellular automata and photoshop. This is Rule 102, made to look like a flock of manta rays. (Album plus extras) (OC)
Stephen Boyd's Introduction to Matrix Methods now has recorded video lectures
Calculus Of Variations Applications
What's going on in this Proof? Can anyone help me find the source?
Searching for the exercise solutions to Manfredo P. Do Carmo's "Differential Geometry of Curves and Surfaces"
Software/websites for writing out math easily?
Confused about non-computable numbers
Places to find mathematical papers
Keith Conrad's Amazing Blurbs
This Week I Learned
Fairly good at maths but find it boring
Theorems which have proofs that do not look like what you would expect them to look like
Is anyone else struggling with prerecorded lectures?
Any Resources on Molecular Set Theory (MST)?
Yeabook quotes
Virtual ‘sculpture,’ based on math, that’s everywhere and nowhere at once
[Q] Is there an objective way to estimate which system produces a desired outcome, with varying sample sizes?
What are these "fake" projective planes?
The goal of number theory
"A Response to Geometric Unity" by Tim Nguyen and Theo Polya on Eric Weinstein's TOE
Career and Education Questions
Mathematician "Archetypes"
Explore the final part of 'The Adventure Map of Mathematics' covering The Land of Geometry and Probability Place. Mathematopia was created by one of my students and provides an entertaining look at the first year Mathematics course at Oxford University. Well done Zhaorui!
Unexpected crossovers
How "useful" are math competitions?
How frequent are opportunities to participate in math contests after high school?
Subsets representable as certain values of polynomials
General Topology vs Algebraic Topology for a beginner
Adding advanced material to help with the basics?
Asymptotics and perturbation methods by Strogatz :D
Question about differntial equation
Simple Questions
A rather trivial epiphany
Undergrad Probability Theory is Weird
Steve from blackpenredpen tries to solve one of the hardest Oxford maths interview questions that I could find from the last 50 years - how do you prove that the sum of the reciprocals of the prime numbers diverges?
Mathematically valid way of whitening Data with the use of PCA?
Ive tried to play with tetration, and increased it from 1,2,3,4, and so forth on a complex number (only the ones in the axis in the form of ai). Some of these seem to diverge while others converge. Why? And more questions in the comments
I wrote up a geometric derivation of special relativity that I think is particularly suitable for mathematicians -- tell me what you think
How to do hands on computations with operads?
Better harmonic approximation?
At the age of 10, Terrence Tao got a perfect score in these 2 problems of the 1986 IMO
My Work on a Math Library (Python) as a 14 Year Old
Approximation of an elliptic integral
On Recursions, Differential Equations, and Unexpected Expectations [blog]
How important is memorizing equations
Fields and Vector spaces
Searching for a deeper understanding of the Normal Distribution
Intuition for Pólya's Recurrence Theorem (Video)
Adjacency matrix for directed graphs with no cycles
Conferences / Summer school
Looking for the area of math that compares the influence of input 1 over output in relation to input 2.
Does UIUC Netmath add value to graduate applications?
Bell Numbers have a strange correlation to an infinite series.
Splines and Computer Graphics
Computational abstract algebra?
The infobox photo on Michael Spivak's wikipedia page is amazing
What are some (non-trivial) statements that seem true, and are true for reasonably sized numbers, but fail at extremely large numbers?
Just released my first video about Fourier Transforms.
The MAA's Instructional Practices Guide (in response to criticism of equitablemath.org)
Maximum value of a sum of sinusoids
Some fun extensions to the classic Monty Hall problem: what if Monty always opens the door to the left of the one you choose? And what if there are only 2 doors and Monty says at least one has a goat - what do you do now? The answer (of course) lies with Bayes Theorem...
suggestions for intriguing articles in your opinion
How to stop making dumb math mistakes when solving problems?
Is it possible that Fermat actually did write down his last theorem and historians can potentially find it?
What are some classic must-read papers / introductions?
Julia set as Tattoo, I'm looking to make it fit
Strange developments in maths teaching
Any method(s) that you’re inexplicably good at?
"Sum" Question
Combinatorics Research Update (Also Code Review Request)
What is a good free blogging site which supports MathJax without you needing to have your own server?
Do you think math is, in every sense of the word, an art?
Are there known non-isomorphic graph pairs that fool both the simple Weisfeller-Lehman isomorphism test and graph spectrum tests?
Day5 learning to render beauty of math with TheBookOfShaders & GodotEngine
Ramanujan's Taxi Cab Two: Electric Boogaloo
Advice for Dealing With an Overly Demanding Professor?
Queueing theory: M/M/1 with a hard cap on handling time
Fields medalist's Youtube channel about higher level maths
What Are You Working On?
Mathematicians Set Numbers in Motion to Unlock Their Secrets
How do you keep track of what problems/topics are being worked on in your field?
can you create new mathematical frameworks?
What is multifractality?
Obstruction to strictifying higher categories.
Regular Truchet Tilings
Why does calculus 3/engineering math feels so unmotivated?
Favorite non trivial bounded continuous periodic functions?
Brownian motion and the heat equation on domains with boundary and/or manifolds
Im bad at math competitions, but good at academic math.
Why is TREE(3) so big?
The Insolvability of the Quintic - an amazing explanation of the most fundamental results of Modern Algebra
Would geometry be developed if humans had no eyes?
thought experiment partially inspired by the long line
Double Slit Experiment in Bohmian Mechanics : A Common Interpretation in Mathematical Physics
Abstraction Elevator: Math Textbook in the form of Developer Documentation
81st Putnam
The Fibonacci Network — generate Fibonacci, Tribonacci, and N-bonacci numbers with walks on a graph (blog post)
The Collatz Conjecture and the Golden Ratio
Latex rendering
PDE Classification: Elliptic, Parabolic, and Hyperbolic
A term for delta-epsilon style thinking?
Bad Approximations of Pi
A Type of Vector Product
Markov Chains: finding a transition matrix using only the steady state distribution
What is your personal workflow?
John Milnor, the discoverer of Exotic Spheres, turns 90 today; and last year the numbers of Exotic n-Spheres up to n=90 were computed by Daniel C. Isaksen, Guozhen Wang, and Zhouli Xu.
What in your opinion, are the GOAT theorems?
What is the mathematics behind the "Resonance Experiment"?
Elementary number theory series
Graph theory - Applications
Found the golden ratio somwhere new maybe?
Does anyone know what this equation is at (Friedrich Wilhelm) Bessel Park in Berlin?
A grand unified theory of calculus, from de Rham Cohomology and differential forms to Lebesgue integration and measure theory to matrix calculus to differential equations and everything else.
Set Theory in the UK
What relation has Markov Property with Queueing Theory, in the Exponential Distribution?
Thank you for all the comments on my triangular Game of Life variant! v1.5 is ready; I've made some major modifications and I am once again asking for your feedback ;)
Resolution of the finite generation conjecture: Big results in the K-stability of Fano varieties, ending a ~25 year research program in algebraic/differential geometry related to the existence of Kähler–Einstein metrics.
What proofs of "funny" or "casual" maths were later found to be really useful and applied in real life applications?
A convenient way to quickly write KaTeX math expressions and export to image
This Week I Learned
Are artificial "flags" like these a thing in mathematics?
Balanced clock hands: Given an analog clock with sweeping hour, minute, and second hands, at what times are the hands most equally separated in angle?
Shamir's Secret Sharing with very large numbers
Since “Fermat’s Last Theory” was proved in 1994, has there been much progress in determining if there is a simpler proof?
How you do get back into mathematics after a break?
Euclidean space and abuses of notation or "I'm a graduate student and I'm not sure that I understand coordinates"
Anyone using maxima?
Got hugely interested in nonlinear stuffs - guidelines?
Why are math textbooks so expensive?
Math and ADHD/ADD
Too much time studying coursework in graduate school?
Using Goedel's compactness theorem to solve a geometry problem
Conservation of angular momentum and energy in group theory
A very random question!
Career and Education Questions
The Adventurer’s Guide to Mathematopia (Part 2): fresh from exploring the western region of the Adventure Map of Mathematics, we cross over the River of Proof into the Land of Algebra to investigate the vast 'Vector Space', the 'Woodland of Groups' and the clouded mountains of Number Theory...
Audiobooks on undergrad modern algebra or analysis?
Gabriel's Horn Paradox - Numberphile
Gödel's Theorems from the History to the Demonstrations
help finding a previous post
Question about NP completeness
Is my Discrete Structures class weird or am I a bad student?
If my eventual goal is "tenure-track professor," should I be applying to postdocs or lecturer positions for after my phd defense?
Graduate topics classes on geometric numerical integration, applied and computational topology, and optimization on manifolds
Question about geometric symmetries
How do you organize your scratch work for proofs?
3D shapes with 1 side different
Simple Questions
Mini Math Crosswords: Small Grids, Big Ideas (and Fun)
Multiplication, Graphs, and Blackjack: Trying to find a way to speed up probability analysis.
Calculating slope without derivatives/limits.
Is Evan Chen's "Infinitely Large Napkin" readable and suitable for self-study?
Undergraduate Algebraic Geometry
You Could Have Invented Homology, Part 3: Boundaries & The Big Idea | Boarbarktree
Early origins of factorial?
Hey! I made/modified a triangular Game of Life and it has some interesting behaviour, I'd thought I'd share. I'd also appreciate any feedback :)
Learning and wrestling with the first isomorphism theorem.
Triple Rationals?
I just want to celebrate resuming learning math again.
Blog setup
Math within cross stitching
TIL commutativity of addition in a ring isn’t a needed axiom
Topologically, what is a 'string' from string theory?
Does anyone actually enjoy combinatorics?
Circular functions and Quadratic reciprocity (Eisensteins's proof)
Po-Shen Loh Led the US Math Team Back to First Place
Feelings of inadequacy
For those fluent in maths - How do you see it?
Discussing Living Proof: Failure By the Numbers, by Dominic Klyve
Bizarre constants?
Getting into Group Theory ?
Possibly new interpolation technique?
What does it mean to know the "solution" of the Navier Stokes equation?
Euclidean space and coordinate notation
Eddie Woo's math
Was the fact that 0.9999999....=1 surprising to mathematicians?
Mathematical Etymology
Getting into category theory?
Math seminars not in English
Soon to be graduate majoring in mathematics, wanting to shift out of education - what other math careers are out there?
What is ergodicity? Excellent introduction to the ergodic principle in stochastic processes.
What Are You Working On?
LSGNT program
Are there any numbers other than 5 whose value matches their Collatz time to reach 1?
Generating conjectures on fundamental constants with the Ramanujan Machine
Math tattoos
I'm starting a video series, inspired by 3Blue1Brown, about interesting geometric shapes. Here's the first one.
Interchanging integral and sum when you shouldn't
Functions whose derivatives are the terms of a predictable sequence.
INTEGRALS ON STEROIDS: Finding the Electric Field on the Surface of an Infinite Cylinder by Elementary Integration
Can someone explain to me, what is gyrogroups?
29 yo Perelman reaction when trying to be recruited by Princeton's chair of the math department
I feel like I became stupider a year into undergrad- what happened?
Minimal set of relations for determining if a collection of numbers are all zero
Am I right that every map can be generated with this recursive process? (Not rigorously stated... very happy to clarify as needed if necessary.)
Strang treats LA as tables of numbers?
What intuitive meaning "determinant" of a divergency (divergent integral or series) can have?
Any books on mathematical or geomtrical patterns/coincidences found in nature?
Math anxiety..
My work was already proven
Is this a Nash equilibrium?
Harary's graph theory book
I finally understand what vectors mean !!
Best way to do spherical objects using Python ?
Blindfold math?
How relevant is approximation theory?
Continued Fractions computation speed with general numbers (reals, doubles, floats, ...)
The Cognition of Counterexample in Mathematics Students: "This paper explores mathematical logical preparedness of students entering first year university mathematics courses and also the effectiveness of using logical facility to predict successful course outcomes." [abstract + link to PDF, 8pp]
What are possible problems with performing gradient on a overparametrized function?
Graph/grid?
Switching careers for current Math Teacher
Is there a proof that the sum of two arbitrary roots of primes is irrational?
Have you experienced the imposter syndrome in college and doubted your math skills?
This Week I Learned
What's so hard about finding a perfect Euler brick?
Isadore Singer has died, announced on the MIT maths homepage. He was a Fields medalist famous for proving the Atiyah-Singer index theorem, and was one of the central figures in 20th century geometry and analysis.
database of ring theory for other disciplines?
Complex numbers and Jordan form
Does every linear partial differential equation or integro-differential equation have an equivalent integral equation form?
Are there other interesting continuous functions with the property f(x^a)=a*f(x) like logarithms
Math Jobs in the Social Sciences
What are some good non-fiction math books to read?
Recently I've been thinking about spaces wherein each region is an approximate map of the whole space - I just want to explain it to somebody and get feedback. :)
How to function when you're possessed by a math idea
Strong real analysis skills to machine learning!
Math Jobs in Climate Science?
Career and Education Questions
Why are robust completion problems more difficult?
Visualizing higher-dimensional fractals
Metric for string periodicity (or repetitive-ness)?
Best Mathematical Assistant?
Tom Hall's Intro
Has anyone done their dissertation in something they don't want to do?
This is just a different approach to find the position vectors of the incentre/excentres of a tetrahedron. Please do tell me if this is something you have seen before in any form.
Tried to write an interesting blurring algorithm and got this instead!
Number of unique up to isomorphism meet semilattices of size k which are embeddable in a Boolean lattice as a lower closed subset?
Uses for Quasi-Arithmetic Mean
Math dreams
Math could be dropped from Macquarie uni (plus some info about other uni's in Oz).
What is Linear Algebra actually used for? How did it start out?
Why are discrete math courses being removed?
Is there a method to test for "selection avoidance" in a supposedly random selection?
Math educators: Wouldn't it be great to have an updated repository of math lessons based on current events and news articles?
Am I just pseudo good at math if I struggle with mathematical proofs?
General direction to take when trying to know math
[Optimization]Calculating optimal step length by hand?
Simple Questions
Alternative resources for functional analysis
Linear independence of a set composed of Dirac delta function and its derivatives
The Adventurer’s Guide to Mathematopia (Part 1). Following on from the 'Adventure Map of Mathematics' I posted here a few months ago (link below), my student Zhaorui has now written an accompanying guide for any would-be adventurers explaining Logic, Analysis and Calculus. Enjoy exploring!
Any mathematical reasons hexagons are the bestagons - or why some shapes tend to form hexagons on a euclidean plain?
What are your go to resources when you lack inspiration and motivation for studying math?
How to not go insane while doing math?
A talk about non-perturbative path integrals...
Asymptotics and Perturbation Methods Lecture 1 by Steve Strogatz
Making Inefficient Sphere Packing
TIL that the expression '(n-1)!^2 mod n' equals 1 if n is prime and 0 if it is not, for all primes
Books on Mathematics
Average length of edges in a Delaunay Graph?
Co-intuitionism?
Discussing Living Proof: My Journey from Slippery Rock to Duluth, by Joe Gallian
An intuitive way to look at matrix multiplication as a transformation of space using Python code, with applications in image processing
A Simple Introduction to 4-Manifold Topology and Gauge Theory
MC Sampling for Integrals-Why not taught more?
Should I send a thank you message to a prof?
Post your favorite mathematics proof, I’ll go first.
A second ractive tutorial, this time specifically for math content (KaTeX/MathJax/XyJax/SVG/THREE.js)
Examples (and non-examples) of Left-Invariant Vector Fields
what applications are there for the fibonacci sequence?
What Are You Working On?
What are some interesting linear functions?
Winding numbers, Midy's theorem, and the physics of number theory
Why are we interested in rational points on curves?
Transfinite numbers and Phi
Any good books like this?
"A Formal Proof of the Independence of the Continuum Hypothesis", using the Lean theorem prover [abstract + link to PDF, 14pp]
Interesting graphs that have things going on behind the scenes
Techniques for creating good problems?
'Realistic' paths in spatial graphs
If aliens were to visit us (or vice versa) or we were to pick some random civilization across the universe, would our math work for “them” , and would theirs work for us?
What would decimals look like in bijective base 10 numeration?
Is there a book like Russell's Principia Mathematica but for modern day mathematics?
ZFC versus Peano Axioms and Independence
Suggestions for a mathematics project
Starting resources to learn a little about wavelet analysis?
Where to learn about hyperbolic manifolds?
What is the shape that has four equal faces, but not the tetrahedron.
Conjecture of Differential Geometry Line Element Identity?
Is math built to mimic real world phenomena or are models of real world phenomena fit to math equations
Free Galton-Watson Trees Animated!
Which textbooks would you recommend for someone wanting to learn measure theory, specifically for probability theory?
Is there any book on how maths developed during the "crises of foundations"?
Books that would motivate a middle schooler to get into maths
I use Minecraft to explain mathematical concepts.
Does anyone use a tablet/digital pen for doing math? Any recommendations?
Is algebraic topology still active as a field?
Are there non-lebesgues measurable sets that don’t need the axiom of choice to be constructed?
What math topics need better visualization?
What are the prerequisites to learning Complex Analysis?
How to convert an intuitive logical argument to a formal proof?
Bounded variation is to differentiable as bounded r-variation is to?
What is scientific computation?
[Need advice] Postgraduate vs Undergraduate Geometry
This Week I Learned
Connected Papers partners with arXiv: a visual tool to find and explore academic papers
What area of maths should I look into next?
Is there some theorem that allows to take a sequence converging in L_1 to be in L_2?
Would the world be a better place if Math were more widely (and deeply) understood?
Should math be axiomatized?
THE SMALLEST CONVEX K-GON CONTAINING N CONGRUENT DISKS
Math art: Truchet tiles on the truncated trihexagonal tiling.
approaches to combining feature scores
Indiana University's Online Program for a B.S. in Mathematics?
Math with crows
Drawing functions with fixed line thickness.
Is this result on fat cantor sets new?
Notes
Simple hypothesis
Converting/Translating Math for blindness/vision impairment and related conditions
Career and Education Questions
Post-bacc research
I'm always discouraged in writing (mathematics papers/representations) on my own, and it's beyond frustrating!!
Creating explanatory videos
Numbers whose powers are almost integers
What is known about $SO(3,2)$?
(Bipartite ?) Triangle Subdivisions that create beautiful symmetrical images
George Hart: Little Zonohedral Library
Nonlinear dynamics / chaos applications in social or behavioral sciences
A brief survey of the intersection of algebraic and geometric topology
Are constraints by dimensional analysis (a la physics) on closed form roots of algebraic equations also implied by Galois theory ?
Math Essay Competition at the University of Oxford - anyone can enter with the winners receiving a cash prize and having their work published on the university website
Interesting Pentagonal Tiling
[R] The Ramanujan Machine: Automatically Generated Conjectures on Fundamental Constants
How to drop non-contributing colleague from a publication?
Simple Questions
Can't make intuitive sense of the formal definition of homotopy equivalence
Compactness
Need some help understanding the VaR minimization algorithm in Gaivoronski and Pflug (2000)
Books to incentive a children to like math!
The History of Linear Algebra
My daughter has a set with these shapes for making pictures and tessellations. What additional shapes could I add to the set to make it more interesting?
Unit volume spikes at lattice points
Graphing real inputs with complex outputs
Is verbal intelligence related to whether one is good with abstractions and math?
Geometric measure theory
Is there a(n) (linear) algebra using configurations of numbers other than rectangular?
Requesting a suitable approximation for 1/x ?
Discussing Living Proof: Am I “Good Enough’’?, by Christine von Renesse
Summer research opportunities for a non-US student
Hausdorff's forgotten proof that almost all numbers are normal (by Edmund Weitz)
Is there a tool for finding irrational constants closest to a given decimal?
Fixed-free bar pendulum frequencies can't be reconciled.
If you could solve anyone of the unsolved million-dollar millennium problems, which one would you solve? And why?
What are some examples of (significant) mathematical errors made in Maths textbooks/papers?
The mathjob market is bad. But what else is new? A 2020 retrospective
Important realization about honey coiling and the Mandelbrot Set.
Millenium Prize Problems
A link to a petition regarding the University of Leicester making all pure mathematicians redundant.
Is there a nontrivial relationship between the prime factors of n and n+1?
What is differential topology like as a field of research?
TIL that Bourbaki is still publishing as recently as 2016
Why study Mathematics?
Number Theory Book Recommendations.
Looking for Project Ideas in Mathematical Modelling
ELI A Senior Physics Student: Your mathematical field of study
Desmos like text editor
Alexander Kuznetsov (algebraic geometer) has been arrested in Moscow for peacefully protesting the detention of Alexey Navalny. Petition asking for his release -- please share.
2021 Rules and Moderation Policies update
What Are You Working On?
Moving on from rejection from Grad school, how to proceed? (Not Career/Edu Advice)
Taking Fourier Analysis next term. What's a good way to review LA?
Loader.c (Loader's Number) growth rate?
On research and reading proofs
What are some good ideas for a research project
It's a wonderful Life.
Mathematicians, how do you do in competition math?
Are there any mathematical patterns or concepts found in linguistics?
Functional Analysis on YouTube
Lightweight Cryptography for IoT
Recommend PHD program for functional fields and number theory
PhD in mathematics and mental health
Advice on visualising and understanding tricky problems in applied mathematics
Master in math in Paris?
Matrix Lie Group Orbits Animated!
Hexagon headache
Interview with Hélène Esnault
If an amateur did something big like prove Riemann, do you think they would win the Fields/Abel/Wolf (assuming eligibility)? Or are they essentially reserved for formally trained mathematicians?
What is Duality in mathematics?
What is the probability of a tie vote?
Song dedications to mathematics?
The Poincaré Disk Model can be generalized to be embedded in Hyperbolic space and Spherical space in addition to the historical Euclidean space embedding
Study group - Pure mathematics
What drawing tablets would you recommend for remote teaching?
Is it me or is there a different way of talking in math?
How to decompose the set of ideals of a number field
(Not joking) University of Leicester to make redundant all pure math professors
This Week I Learned
Calculus on a countable set (specifically Q)
Are there any good formulas that can give you the inverse factorial of x? If not are there good approximations for lamberts W function?
Did some math for the first time in 6 years, and felt so relaxed
Does anyone else do math better drunk? I can’t do anything else well drunk, but my best proofs and best learning (that I never need to relearn) is done totally plastered. It’s a little scary since that’s not a long-term solution. Is this relatable?
You Could Have Invented Homology, Part 2: Some Simple Spaces | Boarbarktree
theory vs calculation
Good Book for Intro to Fuzzy Set Theory?
Electronic notebook
Are there any well developed editors that use ASCIImath instead of LaTeX?
Career and Education Questions
Abuse of Notation/Abusive Math
Is there a name for this operation already?
How dissimilar can two shapes be?
Explore the Mandelbrot set, it's beautiful
A question regarding the unsolved problems of Number Theory
Intuition for the Dirac Delta function?
Am I the only one who finds Abstract Algebra crazy hard?
New Mathamatic Competion in Germany
Routh Table First Column 0 reason
Differential geometry and me
A problem with word problems and math education
Need advice or assistance for son who is in prison. His interest is scattering theory
Zorns Lemma
Probability Distribution in Monopoly Using Markov Chains
Simple Questions
What are the best discrete math books from start to finish?
Measure Theory Books?
Why is Algebraic Geometry so big?
Inverse function in the light of derivative, and why exp(x) is important.
Video Series on Numerical Linear Algebra and Optimization
How the number line found out - "Why the number line freaks me out" by Math with Bad Drawings.
Do you guys know any math papers, essays, or articles on topics that would be considered “fun” rather than “scholarly”?
Math history resources?
Non-Proof Math Research
What's your Erdős number, and tell us about the publication you're most proud of and why it gives you pride?
Small textbooks
Combinatorics are hard
Mathematical Modeller interview: What to expect?
Why do English mathematical terms prefer French/Latin constructions over Germanic?
Looking for enthusiasts for an open source math project!
Doing research on mathematics has made me impatient in reading.
Discussing Living Proof: Five Dollars, by Colin Adams
Rearranging Bayes’ probability function with discrete responses to a function whose output corresponds to the response with the highest probability
[REQUEST] Is it possible to prove the irrationality of a number without a proof by contradiction ?
How are solutions to a Diophantine equations found??
Formalising mathematics: an introduction.
Linear transformations between Vector spaces over different fields
Is it possible to refer (and calculate) a number by saying that it CANNOT be referred to a particular form??
Python vs Matlab for solving system of nonlinear PDEs
What research is there in the domain of probability/randomness? And what are some necessary prerequisites outside of the fundamentals?
Introduction to Numerical Analysis texts?
The Map of Mathematics
You Could Have Invented Homology, Part 1: Topology | Boarbarktree
How can we see the linkage of Hopf fibres using geometric intuition?
Does anyone else prefer using the lattice method for multiplication?
Can you recomend a book about the history of axioms?
Visualizing Sn
What Are You Working On?
Do you guys think the Putnam competition will be permanently postponed? 2020’s competition will be held in feb. does this mean 2021’s will be held in the fall as expected?
Is the methodology the book Topology through Inquiry legitimate?
Have taken undergrad analysis but forgot much of it, and want to review before Probability. Should I read Abbott or Pugh?
How common is it for mathematicians in research to tackle the „big“ unsolved problems?
Where can I publish homemade research?
Applied Cryptology course videos
Some Strategy and Tactics in Problem Solving
Open problems of Kaczynski (PhD thesis)
Good Areas in Algebra for Undergraduate Research
Non set theorists, how do you feel about set theory?
The MDPI journal "Mathematics"
Are there any models of ZFC where the collection of definable real numbers do not form a set?
Intricate monohedral convex pentagon tilings [OC]
ENS Paris for pure mathematics
The mathematics of evolution
The distribution of the prime numbers is still misunderstood. But is there anything we can say about numbers with 2 factors, 3 factors, ... n factors?
I made a Desmos graph of the general Fourier Series for polynomials.
Linear Algebra is the Best Subject for Introducing Proofs
A proof that e is irrational - Numberphile
A neat trick for square root approximation
Real life example of using probability to catch cheaters?
Bending max function to be linear
Alternate Divisibility Rule for 11
Does anyone have a link to Ted Kaczynski's 1967 Dissertation "Boundary Functions"
Applications of complex random variables
Is Tic Tac Toe a solved game for nxn boards wherein n is a natural number greater than 3?
Riemann zeta at odd integers vs. Euler's zigzag number, any reasons for this amazingly close approximation?
Your opinion on some books (please help, I need it!)
The linguistics of fields?
If you could add something to the list of Millennium Problems, what would you add?
I keep forgetting basic math
I know that you can take the a/b th derivative of a function but can you take an irrational derivative of a function? Say pi th derivative of x^n?
Algorithmic Puzzles and Martin Gardner — Dana Richards
Smallest fraction denominator within a certain percentage of a decimal?
The software used to make my math "videos" now has documentation and a tutorial
Anybody heard of Mathematician's Lament?
This Week I Learned
What are specific geometric interpretations of the following matrices - Diagonal , Upper and Lower Triangular , Transposed Matrix and Inverted Matrix ?
To those studying maths, do you think creating a formula book would have/is helping you?
My first deep-dive into linear algebra and numerical analysis. An article describing how to write a C library that performs most of the "academical" algorithms for matrices (Row Echelon, Reduced Row Echelon, LU(P) Factorization, Inverse, Determinants, etc.)
Does mathematics make you emotional?
Interesting random walk research topics?
How much does spatial ability play into learning Mathematics?
A (non)-Bias in Primes
Anecdotes about gender ratio in math (major) classes
What are good math abbreviations?
Perfect Squares of the form P+2 (where P is Prime)
When to end the recursive De Casteljau algorithm
What are all the general fields of math?
Non reversible markov chains question
Gauss’s contributions to analysis?
How to determine the best sample to take to avoid error amplification
Career and Education Questions
Are most famous mathematicians good teachers as well?
Hot deck vs. Cold Deck Imputation
Follow up linear algebra textbook + reference DE textbook
Winning Monopoly, explained visually
Finding the closest match from several compared values
Suggestions for a friendly math talk in a café.
Do high school students (prior to learning calculus/linear algebra) have much to gain from learning to use MATLAB?
Simple Questions
Books on Egyptian Math or other Ancient Maths?
Alternative way to visualize 2D graphs - thoughts?
The Dumbest TOMT Request
How to choose the right likelihood function for Bayesian inference
Dad's Theorem (see notes in captions)
A genuine question regarding curvature and the infamous π=4 proof
How long should I wait before looking up an answer in a textbook?
How do I study out of two textbooks for the same subject?
On the "stringiness" of associative algebraic structures
Concave function relating to random variable of mean
Conditions to define a vector field
A blogging platform for math and science
I love to collect all sorts of old mathematics books
what should a beginner be cautious about in Euclid's elements?
Discussing Living Proof: Mathematics, Beauty, and Creativity: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Mathematics, by Victor Piercey
Is there any way to find the number of solutions to a 4-variabled equation, with only one equation present??
Absolutely necessary "layman" uses of complex numbers?
Question about creating problems with unique solutions in Flow Free game.
[blog post] "What if they are all wrong?" On the nature and role of conjectures in mathematics
Unexpected applications of math in day to day life done by you.
Searching for an old post
Approaches to measure-theoretic probability
Super short intro to simplicial complexes
Looking for Short Math Quotes for a school mural!
N math books everyone (interested in math) should read
Eric Lander appointed as science advisor to Biden.
Mémoire sur la Résolution des Équations numériques by Charles Sturm - English Translation?
Generalized Sturm Sequence proper definition?
I made a recent post about my geometry constructor. I've added Bezier curves since then!
Does the sum of the reciprocals of the harmonic numbers converge?
Moscow court sentences grad student Azat Miftakhov to six years in prison
I've written a basic geometry constructor. If anyone's looking to play around with lines and circles in a simple geometry constructor, it would be great if you would check this out! Any criticisms are welcome as well!
Do math and programming algorithms have equivalent expressiveness?
Gödel theorem
Guilty about “proofs by contradiction.”
What Are You Working On?
How do ideas get turned into math?
Quasiperfect Numbers with Eric Lander - Numberphile
Korean Contributions to Modern Mathematics
How to determine cycle length?
Looking for video of an interview between Jim Simons and Jeff Cheeger
Intersection between Game Theory and the "Environment" - Discussion
Help with Proofs
How does Wolfram Alpha solve systems of nonlinear equations?
Intuition for Projective Geometry Concepts
Remove outliers from a noisy curve
How few extra relations can you impose on 729 binary variables to create a scarce clues, but unique-solution sudoku puzzle?
What is the name of this structure and what can I do with it ?
Finding the most differentiable representative of a function
Game theory and human-generated "random" numbers
What makes someone a mathematician?
Tiling a 32 x 32 grid with L-shaped triominos and a single black square. Link to github w/ different color palettes and even an interactive app in the comments!
Any tips on reading texts faster, not getting stuck too long at proofs?
Motivation for surface integrals of scalar functions?
State-dependent Markov processes
Prerequisites for reading Kerodon
Can compartmental models be made infinite and treated as PDEs?
GitHub code for modern research algorithms
My first two publications in topic I absolutely hate. But I cannot stop...
What's your opinion on creating a roadmap for each theorem/definition/result in a digital textbook, especially for research objective based learning?
What happened to the 2018 Riemann proof?
What is the optimal pattern to roll a ball on a flat surface?
A couple of questions about the foundations of probability theory
Programs to visualise mathematics
Is the Cayley-Hamilton theorem as big of a miracle as I think it is?
Turan's theorem-like results
Is it just me or is math really weird?
Rate of research and mathematical progress
Largest maths book you own?
An Introduction to Category Theory: Towards Haskell's Applicative
Book Recommendations Similar to Susskind's 'The Theoretical Minimum' Series?
Polyonomial opposite roots proof: can someone help out? Feel free to respond on StackExchange.
This Week I Learned
Tips on self-learning undergrad (and above) math in a systematic manner?
Intuision and understanding behind Navier-Stokes Equation?
Factors of n^(2) + 1
I’d like to reintroduce maphi
What parts of linear algebra do you find confusing or unintuitive?
Mathematics for the greater good?
The proof of Fermat's Theorem for regular primes explained simply. The same guy who made the Galois Theory video which was posted here recently (and I think with less severe mistakes this time)
Best math books for intuitive/informal discussion of subjects
Frequentist statistics vs Bayesian, and machine learning
Career and Education Questions
The Riemann Hypothesis, Explained - Quanta Magazine
The "Critical Strip" of the Riemann Zeta function.
...P(P(P(P(N))))... Infinite power set?
Book review: "Math Without Numbers", by Milo Beckman
Just found out my grandfather knew Paul Erdős. What should I ask him?
What would YOU like to know about mathematicians, and/or math students?
I've published my first paper
Does linear algebra feel like magic to anyone else?
Controversy in symplectic geometry: Zinger, Ruan, Li
Any proofs out there that say that for some f(x)s that 6(f(x))n \pm 1 there are infinite primes.
Simple Questions
Yau on Perelman
What are the best Mathematics books? I mean not academic ones, one that can make anyone Love Mathematics.
What are some interesting covid19 data to examine?
What are good topics to do research on, on junior year high school level? (11th grade)
Mandelbulb (3D Fractal) Renderer
Big things happening in Lorentzian geometry
Latest state of research on homotopy groups of spheres
How to understand proofs
Areas similar to Game Theory and Chaos Theory?
Examples for indirect numerical methods for solving elliptic PDEs Dirichlet boundary condition?
Discussing Living Proof: A Dream Almost Deferred, by Emille Davie Lawrence
Just completed my notes on neural networks and thought I'd share them. I've essentially got a 10th-grade mathematics background, so this feels like a big accomplishment to me :)
Are there any other programs that intuitively do this
Computer-Generated Patterns Inspired by a Game of Lights
Are there nice geometric or visual interpretations in Module Theory like there are for Linear Algebra?
The connection between the Mandelbrot Set and the logistic map
Resources on Laplace/Heat Equation in Spherical Coordinates and Legendre Functions
Visualizing Complex Analysis
What Are You Working On?
How to take math notes if you hate pen and paper
Short bio on Sofya Kovalevskaya
What careers can be persued in Mathematics Research??
Logic on discrete values [1, -1, i, -i]?
How the Navajo Nation is Approaching Math Education
Looking for a few potential essay topics about interesting applications of complex analysis, anyone have anything in particular that's interesting to talk about?
Yesterday I found this in a bookshop: An algebra textbook from 1836
What would be an equation for a multi winner voting system that follows the following properties?
Will the advances of mathematics meet an end once it gets too big to understand during the lifespan of a human?
Who is one mathematician you think more people should know about?
[Discussion] Mathematical model for problem-solving in Object-Oriented Style.
PyPLANE - open source ODE solver written in Python
A Mathematician’s Lament
Riemann Zeta function visualised
Summer Geometry Institute 2021 --- undergrad/MS summer research in geometry processing! Applications due 2/15/2021. Please share widely!
In your opinion, what is the most advanced and difficult branch of mathematics that you can think of?
Mathematical anxiety
2020 Mathematical Art Exhibition
Dominating Monopoly Using Markov Chains
Riemann hypothesis book recommendations
How much fluff can be removed from textbooks?
Why work at prestigious university?
On the Use, the Misuse, and the Very Limited Usefulness of Cronbach’s Alpha
This Week I Learned
Ultimate-L conjecture
How much time to learn it?
Why does the number 9232 appear so often in the Collatz conjecture?
Picking good candidate roots (from R.R.T.) using upper/lower bound theorem and Descarte's Rule of Signs
How to Read a Math Book
Are there any blogs/youtube channels that dive into entries on the OEIS?
What makes a good math blog?
Math history question- why z and t for distributions/tests?
Career and Education Questions
[OC] Visualization of Fourier transform
Book on Lebesgue Integration using Spivak's Calculus exposition style.
Did anyone participate in I.Y.M.C. ??
Difference between Applied Math vs Pure Math and any other kind of math?
Should we stop teaching plane Euclidean geometry?
The Gamma Function as extension of “n choose k”
What classes are/were required for your math degree?
Tutorial - Drawing Figures in TikZ: Lines and Polygons
The Drag Equation (Empire State Building v Eiffel Tower) - Numberphile
What have you forgot on your math journey?
Grant Sanderson of 3Blue1Brown asked me to teach him some Fluid Dynamics when he came to Oxford (Feb 2020) - here's what we got up to...
Simple Questions
I made an animation on Line Integrals of Scalar Fields & also made a video (Link in comments) sharing my perspective regarding the transition from integrating with "ds" to integrating with "dt" , which is essentially just rescaling the riemann sum. I'd be glad to hear your thoughts on this, thanks!
How do I improve my math solutions?
On the "Math with Bad Drawings" blog: Defining 'Cat' Without the Cat. "[Mathematical culture tends] to define a new term in the abstract, draping it in high-minded language like purple garments ... A much better method: explore motivating examples, and *then* give definitions."
Optimal Control Hamiltonian Free Final Time
What advice do you have for an incoming math undergrad?
Hobby involving maths
A Letter to the International Congress of Mathematicians on the Azat Miftakhov Case
How were your proof skills in the first year(s) of college?
Question about the importance of topology, real analysis and differential equations in financial mathematics
Directed hypergraph definition and known properties
How impressive is being an IMO ( International Maths Olympiad )?
What math has no visual representation?
Different versions of Leibniz rule for connections on manifolds
Problem in an USSR olympics about winning election
Discussing Living Proof: Oh My Darlin’ Clementine, by David Taylor
How I Learned to Love and Fear the Riemann Hypothesis
How do geometers visualise derived categories and know when to use them?
Another mathematician has died of covid related illness, Vladimir Gerdt.
Bounded self-adjoint operator
Literature on Convolution Reverb and/or Cab IR's [Music Production]
Typefaces for mathematics books
Millennium Prize Problems
The totient function.
What makes good mathematical writing "good"?
Squeeze-fitting a curve by concentric contours of an ellipse-quadratic form
How would you explain algebraic geometry in layman's terms or in a way that undergrads might understand the gist of it?
Suggestions for starting a personal library
I found an interesting way to tile trigonometric identities, infinitely
Do you have any recommendations for Math history books that highlight people and their discoveries beyond Europe and America?
Jacobi-Matrix at trivial equilibrium of a SEIR-Model
AMS Blogs, PHD+ε: Power, Part I
How to evaluate the "importance" of a variable in a function
Any kind of suggestion for a Math Student
Real valued matrix functions
How do I find the Mathematical Formula for something I believe to be true?
How useful is category theory for the average mathematician?
What Are You Working On?
If you could revive one notable mathematician, who would it be and why?
GCD Distribution Visualization
Cool Maths Graphs
Three Mathematicians We Lost in 2020
Simple simulations to run for high schoolers
Quadric surfaces animation
Field Theory: From Equations to Axiomatization by Israel Kleiner (JSTOR)
What is some good book for a review on ordinary differential equation
Integer valued recurrence relation bounded s.t. 1 <= a(n) < = n, OEIS
Could you use maze solving algorithms to do proofs?
Anti-damped harmonic oscillator
A hyperbolic voxel game I've been working on. Messing with some simple world generation can create some interesting patterns
Are mathematicians as "bold" as they used to be?
I want to make a few handcrafted and animated math videos. What could they be about?
The longest break you took from doing math?
How Long Does it Take to Finish a Book on Your Own?
Resources for Learning Information Theory
How are analytic techniques for solving differential equations used in applied math research?
The geometry of the Sylow theorems
Fundamental theorem of calculus” for Lebesgue stiltjes integrals?
2021 is an interesting number.
Is there a software on windows or app for ipad to write math that doesn't slow you down too much ?
Getting technical
The Aztec diamond tiled from order 1-1000
Asking for letters of recommendation for mathematics REUs
Alternative type(s) of derivative(s)?
Distance Learning Saved His Life | WNYC
Encoding curvature of space in a scalar valued function
New Virtual Expository Seminar
Textbook recommendations for noncommutative geometry
Marching ants & counting vertex disjoint cycle covers in planar graphs
High level math concepts that have stuck with you?
This Week I Learned
What's the largest number of duals?
The Lasting Lessons of John Conway’s Game of Life
Is there a name for a frustum type object that is cut by two planes that are not parallel?
What do you guys think of my website archiving my work in analytic and combinatorial number theory? Advice appreciated.
Measure theory recommendation
Math book recommendations?
