Jan Błachowicz Hurts Luke Rockhold With Headkick After the Buzzer
Khabib drops Conor with arguably one of the most satisfying punches in UFC history
[Official] Moronic Monday
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 15, 2021
How Cassie Mansfield overcame drug addiction to become a martial artist (old reminder)
Colby "Chaos" Covington spins and lands a spinning back fist on Robbie Lawler.
Jimmy Crute rises past van life in preparation for UFC 261
Who should be next for Chandler after his performance against Dan Hooker in january?
ONE: Empower May 28th ALL FEMALE Event, includes atomweight GP quartfinals
"I'm the best boxer in the UFC!": Max Holloway enters the matrix and no-look slips the punches of Calvin Kattar
Michael Chandler shocks r/MMA and TKO's Dan Hooker in the first round of their highly anticipated matchup
[Video] Takedown Showcase: the double leg (3mins)
Gokhan Saki announces return to Kickboxing. Teases fight with Rico Verhoeven
RIZIN veteran Jake Heun charged with drug trafficking offences in Australia
A curious example of proto MMA, wrestler Takaku Fuke takes on kickboxer Lawi Napataya in a mixed styles match at a PWFG event in 1991. The rules were not well planned, as Napataya had unlimited rope escapes and even greased his body between rounds, foiling Fuke's grappling enroute to a decision win.
The finishing sequence from UFC Fight Night 14 where Kevin 'The Fire' Burns defeated Anthony 'Rumble' Johnson by TKO (Eye Poke)
Mike Bohn ran into Herb Dean at the airport and asked for his thoughts regarding the UFC Vegas 21 main event.
Official UFC 260 main-card lineup per last night's broadcast
In a fight of former Champions, Eddie Alvarez clutches away victory from the hands of Eduard Folayang, submitting him with a Rear-Naked-Choke. He returns at 'ONE on TNT' on April 7th, taking on Iuri Lapicus (14-1).
UFC Vegas 22 Free Fight: Derek Brunson vs Edmen Shahbazyan
Gregor Gillespie's five fight finish streak
Dan Hardy appears to have found a new home, with Cage Warriors
Darren Till: ‘Islam Makhachev is one of the best grapplers I have ever seen’
Fabio Gurgel v Patrick Smith(of UFC 1&2) is this the only instance of fan interference in MMA?
Chris Weidman’s wheel kick attempt gets him taken down by Luke Rockhold. This mistake cost him his title at UFC 194.
Main event fighter is angry at opponent's response and calls for a rematch
What are some MMA fighters that have had wins in more than two weight divisions?
Maira Mazar looking to make up for lost time at ONE: 'Fists of Fury' Part III
Breaking down my first MMA loss
Zubaira Tukhugov had a knee surgery is out for 4 months.
[Official] Shitpost Sunday
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 14, 2021
[SPOILER] Main event fighter speaks
UFC Vegas 21:Main event fighter says "I'm just heartbroken".
Main Event fighter believes performance is deserved of next title shot
[Spoiler] Petr Yan claps back at Eryk Anders
Figueiredo annihilates Benavidez in their title rematch
[Spoiler] Close-up photo of Main Event Illegal Eyepoke
[SPOILER] UFC Vegas 21 bonuses
Pros react to Leon Edwards vs Belal Muhammad at UFC Fight Night 187
Main Event Fighters Eye
[Spoilers] UFC Fight Night: Edwards vs. Muhammad Predictions Results
[SPOILER] Leon Edwards vs. Belal Muhammad
[Official] UFC Fight Night: Edwards vs. Muhammad - Press Conference & Post-Fight Discussion Thread
[SPOILER] Misha Cirkunov vs. Ryan Spann
Anderson Silva finished Chael Sonnen in their highly anticipated rematch
[SPOILER] Dan Ige vs. Gavin Tucker
[SPOILER] Jonathan Martinez vs. Davey Grant
[Spoiler] Media scorecards for Manel Kape vs Matheus Nicolau
[Spoiler]Herb Dean makes an error during main card winner announcement
Anders comments on the outcome of his fight vs Stewart
[SPOILER] Matheus Nicolau vs. Manel Kape
Per Helwani: RDA had surgery yesterday, prior to that, was in talks to fight Tony Ferguson
[SPOILER] Marc Ratner clarifies outcome of main card fight
Aljamain Sterling on Twitter
[SPOILER] Eryk Anders vs. Darren Stewart
Boxing legend Marvin Hagler dies at age 66.
[SPOILER] Angela Hill vs. Ashley Yoder
[SPOILER] Charles Jourdain vs. Marcelo Rojo
The major non=UFC MMA events coming up, through April 5th
[SPOILER] Rani Yahya vs. Ray Rodriguez
[SPOILER] Nasrat Haqparast vs. Rafa García
[SPOILER] Cortney Casey vs. JJ Aldrich
[PSA] Check your N-S-F-W settings if you are not seeing fight clips.
Q&A WITH ZHANG WEILI AND CAI
[SPOILER] Jinh Yu Frey vs. Gloria de Paula
[SPOILER] Jason Witt vs. Matthew Semelsberger
As of right now, there are exactly the same number of TKO's as Submission in UFC History
Leon Edwards talks about the night he learned his father had been shot and killed [Via: Adam Catterall on Twitter]
[Official] UFC Fight Night: Edwards vs. Muhammad - Live Discussion Thread
UFC Vegas 22's Adrian Yanez: Continuing To Write My Story
Petr Yan doubts Sterling books rematch: ‘I feel like he doesn’t want to fight me again’
UFC fighter who was fired over ‘bag of potatoes’ releases bizarre statement
LFNE Championship (entire event on Facebook
That time a geriatric Chuck Liddell came out of retirement and got KO’d by Tito Ortiz because he needed the money
CFFC 93 Facebook Prelims
Darren Stewart sheds light on the stricter rules for UFC fighters/coaches staying in Vegas during fight week. Probably why we have seen so many less Covid-related fight cancellations recently.
Michael Bisping recounts his interactions with Hans Molenkamp and the subsequent loss of his Monster Sponsorship
Jim Crute no longer living out of a van following bonus wins.
Frank Shamrock sharing his dark past
Kai Asakura vs Manel Kape 2, Manel Kape fights Matheus Nicolau tonight
Julia Avila to showcase her viciousness on the ground against Julija Stoliarenko | SCMP MMA
Khamzat Chimaev teases a fight against Neil Magny
Dana White is very excited of this edition of “If you don’t know, now you know”
Slain stepdaughter appears in dream to UFC fighter Walt Harris, inspiring him to fight again
Gavin Tucker gets caught in a guillotine by Justin Jaynes but manages to escape at the cost of his shorts. Gavin Tucker fights Dan Ige in tonight's UFC Fight Night.
Valentina Shevchenko on Amanda Nunes submitting Megan Anderson
44-yo ex Strongman Mariusz Pudzianowski looks like this...(before open weight fight)
Octagon Oracles: Combate Americas Veteran Marcelo Rojo | Rojo debuts tonight against Charles Jourdain
Ciryl Gane vs Derrick Lewis
Free Fight: Francis Ngannou vs Alistair Overeem
Just learned that PFL referees have body cameras. Would you like to see other organizations implement something similar?
Samart Payakaroon Striking Breakdown
The Dwyer Score- UFC Fight Night: Leon Edwards vs. Belal Muhammad
Early stoppage in CFFC93
Last three Jose Aldo title fights have all ended in a similarly gruesome way for Aldo.
Derrick Lewis says he's open to Cyril Gane fight.
Jessica Andrade: ‘I’ll Get the Belt and Also the Bonus’
2-O but got called a redditor so i took one L yestarday. AMMY
UFC great Amanda Nunes still fighting for family, legacy
Dana White playboy interview (2008)
Football vs. MMA: Which Is More Dangerous? Athletes and Physicians Weigh in
RIZIN.27 fight card available on LIVE NOW!!
RIzin 27 English Stream on LIVENOW!
Raika Emiko faces Nori Date at Pancrase 321
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 13, 2021
Dominick Cruz says he’s spoken with Monster Energy, still interested in charity bout against Hans Molenkamp
Manel Kape Rizin highlights
Dana White: 'I don't know how this is going to play out' with Khamzat Chimaev
Who is REALLY the MMA GOAT? Josh Thomson opinion
[Official] LFA 101: The Undefeated - Live Discussion Thread
Free Fight: Stipe Miocic vs Daniel Cormier 3
Brendan Schaub gadooshes Mirko Cro Cop into unconsciousness.
Ocagon Oracles: 'Contender Series' Winner Gloria de Paula
UFC 260 Free Fight: Stipe Miocic vs Daniel Cormier 3
Leon Scott with a message to Belal Whatshisface
Ten years ago today, the UFC purchased Strikeforce
My very good buddy, Aaron Jeffery (9-2), is headlining the CFFC main event tonight on Fight Pass!
UFC on Twitter reports Smith vs Crute for UFC 261
UFC 2020
Belal Muhammad tells Paul Felder his friend is a prince so he must kiss his hand. Paul falls for it.
Every finish from UFC 259
Ryan spann(206) makes weight after last minute miss and extra hour
At UFC 245, Geoff Neal lands a clean head kick on Mike Perry pursues without mercy, and smashes his nose for a first round victory.
Edwards vs Muhammad face offs
JRE MMA Show #105 with Derrick Lewis
Ryan Spann misses by 0.5 lbs at the1 final minute. Has 1/2 hr to make weight
[Video] José Aldo's takedowns against Mark Hominick (UFC 129, 2011)
Tony Ferguson vs. Beneil Dariush targeted for UFC 262
Wrestling breakdown: How Petr Yan turned the tables on Aljamain Sterling
Behind The Scenes footage of Khabib congratulating Jan on his victory over Adesanya: "You know why you won right? Takedown. Wrestling is power."
Jan Błachowicz taking a page out of Tony Ferguson's playbook by conditioning his shins
Tony Ferguson the type of guy to salsa dance in the octagon vs RDA
weigh-in results: Leon Edwards (170.5) making the main event official
Claressa Shields continues her MMA training as shes made some "HUGE improvements" training at jackson winklejohn MMA.
Joseph Benavidez torn after UFC 259 loss: 'I'm not who maybe I used to be'
[MaRCeL DoRFF 🇳🇱🇮🇩 on Twitter] Justin Tafa vs Jared Vanderaa set to fight on May 22nd.
Alex Perez chokes out Kevin Gray with an anaconda choke, win that got him signed by UFC
Belal Muhammad makes weight at 170 even
Luigi Vendramini vs Fares Ziam added to UF 263 lineuo
K.Hansen out. Cheyanne Buys will now fight Montserrat Ruiz at UFC on ESPN 21 on March 20th.
Youssef Zalal will fight Sean Woodson at UFC event on June 5th.
Petr Yan dropping Jimmie Rivera to end rounds 1 and 2
In his UFC debut, future bantamweight champion Umar Nurmagomedov chokes the life out of Sergey Morozov
UFC 259: The Thrill and the Agony - sneak peek
Muslim Salikhov's kick catch throw against Elizeu Zaleski Dos Santos
A Filthy Casual's Guide to Gavin Tucker's Shifting Uppercut (Reupload)
[Official] UFC Fight Night: Edwards vs. Muhammad - Weigh-In & Pre-Fight Discussion Thread
After knocking out his rival, Marcelo Rojo proceeds to carry out his characteristic celebration. Rojo debuts this weekend at the ufc.
Valentina Shevchenko Talks Amanda Nunes Possible Trilogy, Ronda Rousey Fight, Weili Zhang & Andrade with James Lynch
RANKING Every UFC Champion (Part One)
Kayla Harrison offers Claressa Shields sound advice before PFL debut
The average viewership of the Błachowicz-Adesanya fight in Poland was 203,509 live and 135 238 for a replay.
Kayla Harrison Talks Suicide, Sexual Abuse, And How Judo Saved Her
Slamming your opponents head into the canvas?
Former UFC champion Renan Barao signed by German promotion Elite MMA Championship
According to his coach, Derrick Lewis recorded an episode of Joe Rogan’s podcast today
Tanner Boser vs Ilir Latifi booked for June 5th
Christos Giagos will fight Joel Alvarez at UFC 262 on May 15th.
[Official]r/mma Betting Discussion Thread
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 12, 2021
The Lucas Grandsire Podcast Episode 25 - Travis Lutter
Drew Dober talking about what it's like to fight Islam Makhachev. Plus Justin Gaethje's reaction.
Who is one fighter that is not currently in the top 15, that you think will be top 5 this time next year?
Cousin of UFC contender Bryce "thug nasty" Mitchell signs with LFA
ONE Championship Women’s Atomweight Grand Prix matchups
UFC 259: Fight Motion
ONE Championship will be holding an all-women’s MMA card May 28 in Singapore, featuring the ONE women's atomweight world grand prix quarterfinals
With Matt Serra retiring from cornering, here’s some ear deafening moments.
Jordan Espinosa and Shana Dobson released from UFC roster following recent losses
Seung-Woo Choi vs Julian Erosa booked for June 19th
Hector Lombard hits C.B. Dollaway after the buzzer, but ref Mark Smith handles it.
Montel Jackson will fight Jesse Strader at UFC event on March 20th.
Julianna Peña: “I got a great idea! Is there coaches for the new season of TUF yet?? Amanda and I would be great coaches for the upcoming new season!”
Dana White teases announcement, says UFC fighters now ‘at the level’ of NBA, NFL and MLB
Qiu Jianliang Interview (No. 1 ranked FW Kickboxer and MMA fighter)
Dominick Cruz on TJ Dillashaw’s criticism of Petr Yan: “That's just him exposing himself again, trying to make himself feel better for being a cheater"
Jonathan Martinez got up in the middle of the night to fly to Abu Dhabi and fill in to fight Thomas Almeida in his last fight. He fights Saturday night at UFC Vegas 21. Check out his road to the Octagon. Front Range Fighter episode 4.
UFC Vegas 21: Edwards vs Muhammad - Put Some Respect On My Name | Fight Preview
The first episode of the first ever embedded for a ufc event, UFC 173 barao vs Dillashaw
T.J. Laramie says he was injured heading into his previous fight vs. Darrick Minner. Laramie returns against Damon Jackson on May 1.
Eddie Alvarez & Demetrious Johnson | Food Truck Diaries — one of the best FTDs ever
UFC Fight Night: Dan Ige vs. Gavin Tucker Prediction
Till vs Vettori will air on ABC per Ariel Helwani
[Video] Elias Theodorou highlight reel. 2 mins. The Spartan graces the battlefield against Matt Dwyer this Saturday at Rise FC 6
Julian Marquez vs Sam Alvey booked for April 10th
MMA Junkie reports Din Thomas’s Analyst Desk Debut
Darren Till's reaction to Islam Makhachev's performance in #UFC259:
[SPOILER] Nursulton Ruziboev - Ibrahim Mané #BRAVECF47
Travis Lutter reacts to Mike Goldberg’s “Michael Jordan of BJJ” comment: “I’m not Michael Jordan.”
Takahiro Ashida interview: his respect for coach Miyata, giving back to his Highschool, and sneaker obsession
Bulls and Matadors: How Jan Błachowicz subverted expectations to certify his belt
Here is the scene for today's Brave 47 event at the Bahrain National Stadium (via @Grabaka_Hitman)
[SPOILER] Mohammed Farhad vs Uloomi Karim BRAVE CF 47 (amazing KO)
UFC Vegas 21: Fighters you should know.
Diego Sanchez beats Michel Pereira in the third round by stoppage, via knee strike.
Rogerio Bontorin congrats Herb Dean for the victory in his last fight. Claims the fight was stopped prematurely and that he was fully conscious throughout
Today I learned Scott Coker used to train Javier Mendez - They talk about it on this podcast
Khabib on Tony (2018): “He’s grappling with Eddie Bravo and think he’s good on the ground. But I’m gonna show him real grappling”
RIZIN 27 Fight Order Announced | March 21
Heavy Hands: 359 - Our Sweet, Beautiful Boys
Catching Up with Cris Cyborg
Amanda Nunes, History of Dominance
Clip of Tony Ferguson dancing in the hospital post UFC 249
Difference between Russian wrestlers and American wrestlers in MMA
Couldn't find my jeans this time around. 2nd AMMY FIGHT!
When is Raoni Barcelos scheduled to fight?
Anthony Smith weighing in on Aljamain Sterling DQ Victory at UFC 259.
Chase Hooper is now, after 13 years of training, a jiu-jitsu black belt.
Marvin Vettori wants Till’s soul
All weighed in. Nips on point. Fighting for the bantamweight title tomorrow night on UFC FIGHTPASS
[Official] Flair Betting Thread
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 11, 2021
Daniel Cormier responds to UFC 259 commentary criticism
Rogerio Bontorin blames Herb Dean for loss against Kai Kara France on Instagram
Buying UFC PPV’s PSA
Coach: Israel Adesanya has ‘no excuses’ for loss to Jan Blachowicz but we will ‘definitely chase’ future rematch
In their fourth and final meeting, Nate Marquardt ends his rivalry with Kiuma Kunioka via flying knee to win the Pancrase Middleweight Championship in 2002. The two men were 1-1-1 going into this match and had battled for the belt in some capacity in every previous fight.
Per @Ourand_SBJ , UFC 259 sold 600,000 PPVs on ESPN+ in the US and 200,000 internationally.
MMA Pros React 😲 Aljamain Sterling wins UFC title by DQ over Petr Yan 👊UFC 259
Two names removed from the http://UFC.com fan rankings pool: Shana Dobson and Jordan Espinosa. Sign they may have been cut from the promotion
On Hotboxin' with Mike Tyson, Dana White says Jon Jones' first fight at heavyweight will be for the title against Stipe/Francis winner
Leon Edwards Plans To Be Second UK Champion
Jon Jones claiming to be 260 pounds on Twitter today:
Eugene Bareman: Darren Till is the front runner to face Israel Adesanya
Dan Hardy releases statement on UFC separation
Jan Blachowicz's after-fight interview with Ariel Helwani
Neil Hall - UK MMA referee has passed away
Darren Till reacts to Israel Adesanya’s loss, talks Marvin Vettori fight | Ariel Helwani’s MMA Show
Top Finishes from UFC 259 fighters
Merab Dvalishvili will fight Cody Stamann at UFC event on May 1st. (per @MMAjunkie) #UFC #MMA #UFCESPN
Clarifying Expected Rounds (xR), a new interpretable fighter evaluation metric: what xR actually means and why you should use it
Texas, June 2020: Mini-documentary featuring a pro MMA fighter as the Covid lockdown ends, gyms reopen, and fighters adjust to their normal training regimen.
GSP explains why he tapped to strikes against Matt Serra
Julianna Pena passionately states her case for why she deserves the title shot against Amanda Nunes at 135lbs
Dana White at the 2009 fighter summit: "guys, if you're ever fouled in a fight I do not expect you to continue. In the history of the UFC only one person has ever been fouled and come back to win"
Yan: I was punished already for what I did. I already lost the belt. And I lost PPV points and whatever comes with being a champion. Everything happened because referee told the commission that it was intentional, but I didn't throw it intentional.
Jamahal Hill says he's "coughing up blood" from COVID complications, pissed at Paul Craig
Du Plessis out. Dolidze will face Giles on March 20th
Merab vs Stamman set for May 1st
John Kavanagh: Boxing obsession hurt Conor McGregor in loss to Dustin Poirier at UFC 257
Leon Edwards' 8-fight Win Streak
UFC 261 Zhang vs Namajunas is Main Event
1 year ago this week, Chris Daukaus' regional fight was cancelled and he freaked out. Now he's a top 10 heavyweight in the UFC. Watch him react to realizing what he's accomplished in a year.
Jack Slack Podcast 13: Edwards vs Muhammad - Probably One for the Hardcores
RDA responds to Islam Makhachev:"If your brother Khabib fight me after I beat you let’s do it."
One of the greatest MMA promo's made: BT Sport's look at Leon Edwards, featuring the words and voice of his mother. He faces Belal Muhammad this Saturday.
RIZIN Confessions: Hamasaki vs Kanna II (Eng subs)
Should UFC continue to book three title fights on one fight card?
Marvin Vettori vs Darren Till, April 10 (via Till's IG)
After spending entire build-up saying McGregor was focused, Dana White believes Conor McGregor was not focused on Dustin Poirier in January.
UFC Unfiltered with Jim Norton and Matt Serra - Serra retiring from cornering fighters
15 Years Ago today: Frank Shamrock and Cesar Gracie compete in the main event of Strikeforce’s first ever MMA show.
[OC] 3 ways Jan Blachowicz neutralized and destabilized Adesanya’s distance control | Tactical and mechanics analysis
Jan Błachowicz Spotlight - a very cool highlight reel for the current LHW champion [video]
Petr Yan addresses Aljamain Sterling after fight actions.
GLORY Heavyweight Jamal Ben Saddik arrested during police raid.
aljamain Sterling to Ariel helwani. . . "Shut the F**k up!"
Daniel Cormier with some advice for Bantamweight Champion Aljamain Sterling
Israel Adesanya supports open scoring after decision loss to Jan Blachowicz at UFC 259: ‘That seems really smart’
First look at the new UFC Venum apparel
Stongest MMA stories leading up to fights
Leon Edwards on the Change of Opponent and Stylistic Match-Up with Belal Muhammad - (4:50)
Tony Ferguson responds to Islam call-out, teases fight news
Islam Makachev Calls Out Rafael Dos Anjos
Paul Craig v Jamahal Hill fight off the Holland v Brunson card next week, per Craig's Twitter
Muay Thai coach picks up Zhang after headbutt rocks her
9 YEARS LATER...Tommy Toe Hold
Fabricio Werdum, Kayla Harrison book fights for PFL 3 featuring Heavyweights and women's lightweights
More Open Scoring Data Reveals Fighters Are Not Coasting to Victory – Combat Sports Law
Aljamain Sterling addresses the aftermath of his UFC 259 DQ win vs. Petr Yan | ESPN MMA
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 10, 2021
D.Madge out. Nasrat Haqparast (@Nasrat_mma) will now fight Rafa Garcia (@RafaGifted1) at UFC event on March 13th. (per @CCLegaspi) #UFC #MMA #UFCESPN
UFC Fight Night: Edwards vs. Muhammad Full Card Previews & Predictions
Claressa Shields has her eyes on an Amanda Nunes fight in the future
Video: Aljamain Sterling (@funkmasterMMA) talks about the final sequence of that title fight, post-UFC 259 “celebrations,” and what needs to happen before a rematch with Yan is booked. https://t.co/FC2F347vG3
Volkanovski hasn't been training with CKB for his fight Vs Ortega. How will this affect him?
Julianna Pena wants a Mother's Day weekend date with Amanda Nunes
Potential scenarios for the UFC's featherweight debacle
After receiving criticism for scoring the first 3 rounds to Adesanya, Aaron Bronsteter spoke with the journalist he felt most well-versed with scoring, to discuss their differing opinions
Aljamain sterling. . . "I hope Yan's knee Doesn't have Long term Affect on My career, Can i Take the Same shots?"
Joanne Calderwood calls for a fight with Lauren Murphy or Alexa Grasso
Jiří "Baby Boy" Procházka cold cocks Volkan Oezdemier with a vicious 1-2
Reports saying the UFC is apparently NOT shuttering the women's featherweight division
SNAP OR TAP? Craziest Arm Bar Finishes | BELLATOR MMA
Superfight 16 is live from Sydney Australia showcasing top prospects and myself u/StanLeeMMA (Stanley)
Per Megan Anderson on twitch, the UFC will be closing the women’s 145 division.
Paul felder and Mike Chiesa have a new podcast
UFC 260: Ngannou Fight Camp - Episode 2
Mike Chandler living the dream
What are some great Youtube channels for MMA interviews & fight breakdowns?
Dominick Cruz clarifies his post-fight call out (Anik & Florian Podcast @1:01:07)
Ben Rothwell vs. Philipe Lins fight at UFC Vegas 21 postponed
Adesanya’s presser post fight and the interstellar music make for one heck of a motivational video
Pedro Carvalho vs. Daniel Weichel is in the works for Bellator 257 on April 16, multiple sources told myself and @DamonMartin. Sorry coming to @MMAFighting.
Champ Ryan Bader hopes Alistair Overeem, Junior Dos Santos join Bellator heavyweight division
Disabled MMA Fighters | It's Not Cagefighting
Lyman Good hurts Belal Muhammad in the third round.
A hilarious moment between Helwani and Cruz to celebrate the Cruz's birthday
Belal Muhammad's coach to miss his first UFC main event
Julianna Peña Calls Out Amanda Nunes, 'I Am Her Kryptonite'
Rise of Belal Muhammad
Aung La N Sang finishing his opponents with powerful strikes
Ricardo Ramos will not compete this weekend after the UFC couldn't find him a replacement (Zubaira Tukhugov withdrew from the fight originally)
Werdum makes his PFL debut on the May 6 card, which also features Kayla Harrison.
John Dodson Getting Kicked in the Balls
Matt Serra talking about the grounded rule on a TUF episode
UFC 259 medical suspensions: Israel Adesanya, Megan Anderson among four facing lengthy layoffs
Leon Edwards calls Colby Covington a ‘coward’ for turning down fight, addresses Khamzat Chimaev’s future
Coach Brian explains and demonstrates what Drew Dober could have done to prevent the choke by Islam Makhachev:
Aljamain Sterling explains the celebration pictures after UFC259
KSW 59 Trailer: 5 x World's Strongest Man Mariusz Pudzianowski vs. Senegalese heavyweight wrestling legend Bombardier
#UFC Rankings update 3/9/2021 (per @TSN_Sports ) - Chimaev is out of the rankings
UFC 259 opinion: Who can possibly beat Amanda Nunes?
Introducing Expected Rounds (xR): a new advanced fighter evaluation metric that measures fighter dominance and improves on conventional metrics while not sacrificing a key feature: interpretability
Is it time we try moving judges away from ring side?
[Official] Technique & Training Tuesday
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 09, 2021
Cat Zingano says she has a new fight in 5 weeks but hasn't said who
UFC Debut: Amanda Nunes vs Sheila Gaff | Free Fight
Chael Sonnen's thoughts on Yan vs Sterling
Anthony Rumble Johnson separates Kamaru Usman and Gilbert Burns when they got a little too close during a visit by the champ last Tuesday
Holly Holm explains why she's out of May 8th fight, says she can fight a few weeks after.
Ariel Helwani gives perhaps his best take ever on the Aljamain Sterling v Petr Yan aftermath
Askar Askarov calls for title shot against the winner of Deiveson Figueiredo vs. Brandon Moreno 2
Aljamain Sterling and Petr Yan having a back and forth on twitter.
Dana White won’t get rid of women’s featherweight division if Amanda wants to continue to defend the title
EP. 291: UFC 259 Recap with Dominick Cruz & Ray Longo on Yan v. Sterling
ared Gooden (@JGNiteTrain23 ) will fight Abubakar Nurmagomedov (@NurmagomedovMMA ) at #UFC260 on March 27th.
Aljamain Sterling responds to critics of UFC 259 title win: 'You guys are the actors'
Free Fight: Zhang Weili vs Joanna Jerdzejczyk
GSP light sparring with Nieky Holzken. Holzken is set to face John Wayne Parr under Muay Thai rules in 4 oz mma gloves on April 21st at ONE on TNT Part III.
Questions from a noob starting MMA classes
Monster Energy responds to Dominick Cruz allegations against Hans Molenkamp: “We take any such allegations seriously and are looking into it at this time.”
Rose vs Zhang at UFC 261
Why Petr Yan doesn't deserve rematch vs. Aljamain Sterling (Kevin Iole - Yahoo! Sports)
Roger Huerta returns, faces Chris Gonzalez at Bellator 255 on April 2
12 years ago today, David “Hello Japan” Gardner makes one of the dumbest errors in MMA history against Shinya Aoki
Jiri "The Absolute Violence" Prochazka
How Islam Makhachev submitted Drew Dober | UFC 259 | Stronghold Podcast
How It Feels Like To Lose Your Nuts 5 - Brutal Groin Kicks
Chris "Batmo" Beal landing a spectacular Flying Knee on Patrick Williams at UFC 172
Aljamain Sterling just released this week’s episode of his podcast, talks DQ win. Said he got KO’d by Zabit in training once
Din Thomas on Main Card Winner’s DQ Win
Verdict MMA announces integration of their global scorecard system (online round by round voting) in the PFL.
Marlon Moraes finishes Aljo with a switch kick to the dome
New interview with former UFC light heavyweight champ Rashad Evans
BJ Penn landing takedowns on larger opponents
Frank Mir spoils Brock Lesnar's highly anticipated UFC debut w/ a kneebar @ UFC 81
UFC is looking to start its next season of the Contender Series in late June
While UFC 259 card stayed fully intact, next card already suffered 8 fight cancellations. And it's still Monday
Translation of Petr Yan's small post fight interview to Russian media
ESPN MMA on Twitter: Triple C is... back? Maybe? 🤔
Demetrious Johnson throws down with Yuya Wakamatsu, submitting him with a Guillotine Choke set up by Grounded Knees. He challenges Adriano Moraes for the ONE Flyweight Title on April 7 at 'ONE on TNT'
Free Fight: Belal Muhammad vs Takashi Sato
Jon Jones' Takedown Setups
Angela “Overkill” Hill is ready and awesome! Video & timestamps!
Unfortunate foreshadowing of the UFC career of Ben Askren
Jack Slack Podcast 12: UFC 259 - What the hell was that?
Analysis of striking in the main event - checks, feints, types of head movement, and the effect of reach
This past weekend's main event is exactly why 10-10 or 9-9 rounds need to be scored MUCH more often. [SPOILERS]
In all 8 of Petr Yan's UFC fights, he hasn't been the first to throw a strike
Value of wrestling matt work & any resources?
Kayla Harrison on this season's PFL lightweight roster - 4:23
Amanda Nunes over the last six years: 12-0 with seven first round finishes, five Performance of the Night bonuses, and a 9-0 record in title fights
Horiguchi to fight on May event (Osaka) and Satoshi Souza to fight Musayev if he beats Tokudome at RIZIN 27
Cody Garbrandt Swanging&Banging in Slow Mo
Lost my first amateur mma fight by tko, kind of eating me up.
UFC Fight Night: Edwards vs. Muhammad Predictions Form
Main Card Winner reacts to shade about him celebrating post DQ Win
Michael Chandler reacts to Makhachev vs Dober:"On behalf of the ufc I’d like to apologize for this regularly schedule dagestani doxepin"
Petr Yan explained the referee’s instructions to him in the locker room before #UFC259 (via @phil_sports)
[Official] Moronic Monday
Petr Yan upset that Sterling is celebrating with belt and asking for fight with Cejudo
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 08, 2021
ESPN MMA on Instagram: “Aljamain Sterling offers to fight a former bantamweight champ, but it’s not Petr Yan 👀 (via @funkmastermma, @merab.dvalishvili)”
Wonderboy started his own podcast on his YouTube channel
Main Card loser reacts to her fight
Megan Anderson looks like she saw a ghost, arriving to the Apex.
Main Card Fighters takedowns in the Bantamweight title fight
[Spoiler] Main-event winner had some words for Dana after he put the belt around his waist
[Spoilers] Main card loser calls out Jon Jones
42 days after UFC 257, Dan Hooker is reunited with his family
Top UFC Lightweights do NOT want to fight Islam Makhachev…
[SPOILER] Main event fighter channels inner Rock Lee
BJ Penn locks in a bloody RNC and taps out Joe Stevenson at UFC 80
[SPOILER] Henry Cejudo apologised to Yan v Stirling winner
Big John McCarthy shares his thoughts on Aljo's performance
Brunson vs Holland poster released
UFC 260: Miocic vs Ngannou 2 – One More Shot | Official Trailer
[Spoiler] Biased commentary during last night's main event
Whole-History Ratings - Best Charts & Stats Compilation!
UFC 260: Miocic vs Ngannou 2 – One More Shot | Official Trailer
Dan Hardy statement after reports of being Fired from the UFC and BT Sport for an incident on fight island.
60 Seconds of Grounded Knees Stoppages
[SPOILER] Prelim Fighter shares his daily routine after win
Dana White respond’s to Prelim fighter’s call out of Hans Molenkamp at UFC 259 [Via: MMAFighting.com on Twitter]
[SPOILER] Prelim fighter accuses opponent of being a "woman beater" mid-fight (UNCENSORED VERSION)
Do MMA rules protect Wrestlers too much?
Full Fight | Justin Gaethje vs Dan Lauzon | WSOF 6, 2013
[Spoiler]Main Card Fighter wants to help Tony Ferguson retire.
Egregious foul throwback: Wes Sims grabs onto the fence and stomps out Frank Mir.
[Spoiler] Betting odds have opened for two upcoming fights
Outside of the fighters, who is your favourite MMA based personality?
UFC Vegas 21 Free Fight: Leon Edwards vs Rafael dos Anjos
Gegard Mousasi knees Chris Weidman for a controversial victory
[Spoiler]Dana on whether or not he caught a streamer from the biggest card of 2021
Main event fighter checking career options after fighting career.
[SPOILER] Aljo tweets to Petr Yan with a small analysis of the fight
Jon Jones puts Lyoto Machida to sleep w/ a standing guillotine choke before dropping his lifeless body to the canvas @ UFC 140
Main event loser embracing the loss like a boss
[SPOILER] Main card loser throws shade on opponent
[SPOILER] Props for how ME loser handled the loss in the Post-Fight Presser.
Main Card fighter responds to jab from TJ Dillashaw
[Spoiler] Fight Stats for Petr Yan vs Aljemain Sterling
Following speculation surrounding Dan Hardy being fired from the UFC & BT Sport, there's a good chance this tweet was actually referring to Dana.
Update on Aljamain Sterling by Dana.
Best moments leading up to and from Zhang Weili vs. Joanna Jedrzejczyk in UFC 248
Dan Hardy was fired by the UFC and BT Sport recently, according to the Wrestling Observer.
[Spoiler] Main event winner makes a request on social media
[Spoiler] UFC 259 Main event winner says "Now I Think I Deserve Respect" | Post-fight Interview
[spoiler] Dana White on the main event score card.
Dana White says the new Venum uniforms will be introduced on the April 10th card
[SPOILER] Main event loser admits he was up late, takes shot at UFC rival & sommelier 🍷
Justin Gaethje responds to an MMA Journalist scoring the main event
[SPOILER] Prelim winner clarifying callout of Hans Molenkamp
[SPOILER] UFC 259 bonuses
[SPOILER] Main event winner hits a BIG takedown
[SPOILER] Main Card Total Significant Strikes Per Round
Costa reacts to Main Event
[SPOILER] Footage of main card fighter's corner during the foul
[SPOILER] Justin Gaethje reacts to main event and commentary
[SPOILER] Scorecard for main event
Pros react to Jan Blachowicz vs Israel Adesanya at UFC 259
[spoiler] Joe Rogan showing his excellent knowledge and research skills when interviewing the main event winner.
[Spoiler] Jon Jones Reacts to UFC 259 Main Event.
[Spoilers] UFC 259: Blachowicz vs Adesanya Predictions Results
[SPOILER] Jan Błachowicz vs. Israel Adesanya
[Official] UFC 259: Błachowicz vs. Adesanya - Press Conference & Post-Fight Discussion Thread
Sage Northcutt talks return against Shinya Aoki after 2-year layoff
Sage Northcutt Intent On Finishing Shinya Aoki At ONE on TNT 4
[Spoiler] Main Card fighter apologizes.
[SPOILER] Winner of the bantamweight title comments on the ending of the fight
Pros react to Amanda Nunes vs Megan Anderson at UFC 259
[spoilers] Mighty Mouse shares his thoughts about the foul that took place on tonight's main card
[Spoiler] Jon Jones passes on fighting main card winner
[Spoiler]A cheater calls out another cheater
[SPOILER] Wholesome moment after the Co-Main Event
[SPOILER] Amanda Nunes vs. Megan Anderson
Pros react to Aljamain Sterling vs Petr Yan at UFC 259
[SPOILER] Main card winner throwing the title on the ground
UFC 260 main card
[SPOILER] Petr Yan vs. Aljamain Sterling
[SPOILER] Foul during main card fight
[Official] Shitpost Sunday
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 07, 2021
Julianna Peña says that Holly Holm has withdrawn from their May 8th fight due to injury
[Spoiler] Crazy stats for the a fight on the main card of UFC 259 [Via: MMA By The Numbers on Twitter]
[SPOILER] Islam Makhachev vs. Drew Dober
[SPOILER] Joe "Crucifucked" Rogan
UFC Edwards vs Muhammad Main Card
[SPOILER] Thiago Santos vs. Aleksandar Rakić
Hello, quick question about weight classes I saw in the "noobs guide"
[SPOILER] Prelim winner corrects Joe Rogan
[Spoiler] Prelim fighter calls out Hans Molenkamp for a charity fight
[SPOILER] Dominick Cruz vs. Casey Kenney
[SPOILER] Kyler Phillips vs. Yadong Song
Keith Peterson not reffing Dominick Cruz tonight
[SPOILER] Joseph Benavidez vs. Askar Askarov
[SPOILER] Prelim fighter throws his mouthpiece
[SPOILER] Kai Kara-France vs. Rogério Bontorin
[SPOILER] Tim Elliott vs. Jordan Espinosa
[SPOILER] Prelim fighter has something to say to his opponent
[SPOILER] Carlos Ulberg vs. Kennedy Nzechukwu
[SPOILER] Sean Brady vs. Jake Matthews
Grasping Grappling 36: Rear Naked Choke
[SPOILER] Livinha Souza vs. Amanda Lemos
[PSA] Check your N-S-F-W settings if you are not seeing fight clips.
[SPOILER] Uros Medic vs. Aalon Cruz
[SPOILER] Mario Bautista vs. Trevin Jones
[Official] UFC 259: Błachowicz vs. Adesanya - Live Discussion Thread
Ciryl Gane sits down and apologizes for his last performance not being fun for the fans
Aaron Bronsteter shares an interesting fact about tonight’s card
Credit to @sayatmma for producing Song Yadong's actual birthdate. He lied on documents to make his professional debut in 2013 when he was only 15. He hasn't lost a fight since 2016, when he was 18.
In the absence of Overeem and Dos Santos, Tom Aspinall and Aleksei Oleinik enter the Heavyweight rankings at #14 and #15 respectively.
Don Madge withdraws from UFC Fight Night 187 vs. Nasrat Haqparast due to visa issues
Antonio Carlos Jr. signs with PFL to compete in LHW tournament
Ocagon Oracles: City Kickboxing's Carlos Ulberg | Ulberg makes his UFC debut tonight against Kennedy Nzechukwu
Walt Harris will fight Marcin Tybura at UFC event on June 5th. (per @MikeHeck_JR & @guicruzzz) #UFC #MMA #UFCESPN
[ESPN Promo] A fight card good enough to give you goosebumps… #UFC259.
UFC 259: Jan Blachowicz vs. Israel Adesanya Data Science and Analytics Breakdown
UFC 259: Nunes v Anderson Data Science and Analytics breakdown
Anatoliy Moiseev (Former GLORY/Kunlun/WLF Kickboxer) vs Konstantin Cherednichenko | MMA SERIES-27
UFC 259: 10,000 Monte Carlo Simulations for Main Card and Pre-Lim
"I may be fighting southpaw" - Claressa Shields goes deep into mma debut
DEEP JEWELS 32 Preview
Dana White previews UFC 259; talks Khamzat, Khabib and Poirier-McGregor
The Dwyer Score- UFC 259: Jan Błachowicz vs. Israel Adesanya (2nd-highest in UFC history)
The technical flaw in Paulo Costa's striking that Adesanya exploited
Jiri Prochazka rallies, reverses, and finishes Karl Albrektsson @ The RIZIN 2017 World GP, Jiri is scheduled to face Dominick Reyes on May 1st
Donald Cerrone will fight Diego Sanchez at UFC event on May 8th
UFC 260: Miocic vs Ngannou 2 | Extended Promo | Axiom Combat
UFC 259: Blachowicz vs Adesanya - I Know What True Greatness Is | Fight Preview
The longest of odds: How Amanda Nunes rose from an impoverished Brazilian town to UFC champion
Corey Sandhagen educates Joe Rogan on mma technique lineage
Even after being choked unconscious in the first round, a classy Cory Sandhagen embraces Aljamain Sterling and tells him to "go win that belt". Aljo fights for the belt tomorrow night.
UFC 259 Picks with Chael Sonnen & Paul Felder | UFC Live
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 06, 2021
Case Study - How Good are MMA Boxers?
[SPOILER] iKon Fighting Federation 5: Jason Knight vs. Cliff Wright
Meghan Anderson scores an unconventional win over Cat Zingano
UFC 259 Embedded: Vlog Series - Episode 6
sandhagen confirms fight with TJ has been offered
[OFFICIAL] Bareknuckle Fighting Championship presents...Bare Knuckle Kingdom 1: Live From Thailand - Live Fight Thread in /r/BoxingDiscussion
UFC 259 Cold Open
Ovince Saint Preux returns vs. Maxim Grishin at June 26 UFC event
Dana White: Amanda Nunes has been ‘dropping guys’ in training camp
Bellator 256: Three Prelim Bouts Including Bates vs. Glossner, Bell vs. Lugo Added
City Kickboxing's Road to UFC 259 part two
Dalton Rosta (@DaltonRosta) Vs. Tony Johnson at Bellator 256
Every knockdown in Petr Yan's pro career.
Top Finishes From UFC 259 Fighters
Zubaira Tukhugov is out of his fight with Ricardo Ramos on March 13th
Faber with Cruz and Yadong before their fights tomorrow (via Instagram)
Islam Makhachev discusses sparring session with Leon Edwards
All knockdowns in the UFC by Israel "The Last Stylebender" Adesanya
UFC 259: The UFC's exclusive champ-champ club has some advice for Israel Adesanya
[Chael Sonnen] Don’t Overlook Islam Makhachev vs Drew Dober…
Paulo Costa’s Brother Discusses Wine Controversy, Picks Adesanya at UFC 259
MMA Elo pre-UFC 259: Błachowicz vs. Adesanya
Renato Moicano seriously hurts Cub Swanson with a jab, and eventually submits him via RNC
Israel Adesanya Wants To Be Double Champ Longer Than DC
UFC 259: Weigh-in Faceoffs
Megan Anderson towering over Amanda Nunes in their faceoff. The double champ is expected by many to dominate but imo Anderson is a live dog [Via: MMAFighting.com on Twitter]
UFC 259 Promo (TENET inspired)
Jan Błachowicz vs Israel Adesanya Weigh In Faceoff
DC is caught cheating in a UFC trivia game
UFC 259: Blachowicz vs Adesanya - Weigh-in
Laura Sanko hilariously explains the story behind Jan's bracelet
How It Feels Like To Lose Your Nuts 3 - Women Feel It Too (Aiko Vs Nozomi)
UFC 259 Embedded: Vlog Series - Episode 5
JRE MMA Show #104 with Cory Sandhagen
Technique breakdown: How Aljamain Sterling can outstrike Petr Yan
Glover Teixeira weighs in at 204.5 lbs
Cuban boxing coach on training Jose Aldo for Conor McGregor
UFC 259 - The Fight Site Staff Picks
Askar Askarov weighs in at 127.0 lbs.
Jan Blachowicz: 205 pounds Israel Adesanya: 201.5 pounds
Leon Edwards looking huge after a year of inactivity
Official UFC Picks Podcast: Yan v Sterling
Montana De La Rosa submits Rachael Ostovich in the 3d round, via RNC
Breaking Down Islam Makhachev's Foot Sweeps and Finer Details | Luke Thomas
Dana White says they are gonna let some of the top 155 fights play out. He’s not stripping Khabib. “There’s still a chance,” he says.
[Official] UFC 259: Błachowicz vs. Adesanya - Weigh-In & Pre-Fight Discussion Thread
Israel Adesanya's Best Moments on the Mic!
BJJ Scout: Dominick Cruz Study Part 2 - Footwork and Counter Strategy Explained (Remastered)
Simulating Dom Cruz vs. Casey Kenney 10,000 times and the results:
Whole-History Ratings - Identifying a Fighter's Prime Age
That grappling sequence was pretty smooth for heavyweights (Vitor Belfort vs Joe Charles)
One of the most iconic walkout performances in the UFC done by Israel Adesanya on the night he was crowned thr Middleweight champion. He's aiming for his second title at UFC 259.
Amir Aliakbari vs Ji Won Kang | ONE: Fists of Fury 2
Alexandre Machado Vs Anatoly Malykhin Full Fight (ONE)
Run It Back With Israel Adesanya
Anatoly Malykhin vs Alexandre Machado | ONE: Fists of Fury 2
Dana White: ‘I have no idea what’s going to happen with Khamzat Chimaev’
Galore Bofando brutally slams Charlie Ward into unconsciousness @ UFC Fight Night 113
European featherweights Mads Burnell, Saul Rogers targeted for Bellator 255 matchup
Ryogo Takahashi vs Kai Tang | ONE: Fists of Fury 2
Yoshiki Nakahara vs Ruslan Emilbek | ONE: Fists of Fury 2
Petr Yan wins his pro debut against Murad Bakiev
Wild and violent striking of Thiago Santos. He faces Aleksandar Rakic tomorrow
Morning Kombat releases their highly anticipated documentary
UFC 259: Fighters You Should Know
Mark Abelardo vs Emilio Urrutia | ONE: Fists of Fury 2
[Official] ONE Championship: Fists of Fury 2 - Live Discussion Thread
Israel Adesanya; lands a lowkick, misses a highkick, then lands a rear leg sidekick to Brad Tavares' Face
Chael Sonnen: Before the UFC made Cruz vs Kenney, they attempted to make Cruz vs Sean O'Malley
Israel Adesanya's Head Coach Eugene Bareman Talks UFC 259 and Game Plan
Korean fighter on flying to the US and training with Justin Gaethje (translation in comments)
[Official]r/mma Betting Discussion Thread
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 05, 2021
Highlight I made for the one and only Vicente Luque, he fights Tyron Woodley on March 27 at UFC 260
UFC releases Brazilian bantamweights Geraldo de Freitas, Gabriel Silva
UFC Lightweight Champion thoroughly Gatekeeps former RIZIN Champion
Petr Yan VS Aljamain Sterling Staredown
Doo Ho Choi has resolved his issues with the military. He will be able to travel and compete this year, he looks to return in July
Refusing to let a golden opportunity go to waste, Israel Adesanya piggybacks off of Dana's response to offer a subtle jab at Jon Jones during the UFC 259 pre-fight press conference
[VIDEO] AKA Featherweight Champ Cody Freeman is 'Focused on Getting to the UFC'
UFC 259: Blachowicz vs Adesanya Statistical Companion
Dana White says UFC is working on a bantamweight No. 1 contender fight involving TJ Dillashaw. "The winner of that fight would fight for the title next." (Dillashaw vs Sandhagen)
Kelvin Gastelum picks apart and finishes Tim Kennedy
Israel Adesanya answers 20 Random Questions for a Third Time
Yamato Fujita knocks out Shibuya with a soccer kick to become the DEEP Flyweight Interim Champion [Via: MEGATON on Twitter]
Jan Blachowicz’s last three finishes
Dominick Cruz has been privately funding an after school program for 10 years
UFC 259: Błachowicz vs. Adesanya Staredown
ESPN article on Petr Yan’s training camp. His sparring partner looks just like him.
[Helwani] Dana White says when he heard the news about Texas opening up 100% he called the Governor. No luck for Dallas but is hoping Houston will be an option. He said he’s ready to go in 2-3 weeks.
Glover Teixiera serving as title fight backup
Dana White says due to COVID-19 protocols Belal Muhammad and Leon Edwards will not be at the press conference today. Doesn't say anything about fight being cancelled.
UFC athletes, when were young and now/atlit UFC, saat muda dan sekarang
Michael Bisping - Steve-O's Wild Ride! Ep #46
[Official] UFC 259: Pre-Fight Press Conference
[Marcel Dorff] BREAKING: Diana Avsaragova vs. Tara Graff set for #Bellator256 on April 9th.
Hawaii’s undefeated lightweight Keoni Diggs signs to fight Mandel Nallo at Bellator 255 in April
Wrestling breakdown: What we can learn from Petr Yan vs. Magomed Magomedov
Light Heavyweight GOAT Chael Sonnen hands Jon Bones Jones his first 30-27 loss of his interviewing career.
(★𝙃𝙖𝙥𝙥𝙮 𝘾𝙧𝙪𝙯 ★ on Twitter) Dominick Cruz clarifies his infamous comment about Conor’s strategy against Khabib
Dominick Cruz on PED testing and USADA after receiving 50 clean tests [Via: MMA Junkie on Twitter]
[ESPN MMA]: City Kickboxing is looking to repeat the three-peat at UFC 259
On The Wall With Israel Adesanya | The Last Stylebender | Myprotein
MMA Stat of the day
How It Feels Like To Lose Your Nuts 2 | Myung Hyun-Man Vs Aorigele Fight
Raufeon Stots vs. Josh Hill in the works for Bellator 258
Dan Hardy's Hitlist (screengrab off submission radio)
Shawn Jordan knocks out the debuting HW Jared Cannonier, then does a backflip
UFC 259 Embedded: Vlog Series - Episode 4
Islam Makhachev talks Khabib retirement, Abdulmanap-Mendez coaching, heart surgery and UFC 259 clash
City Kickboxing's Road to UFC 259 | Adesanya vs. Blachowicz
Israel Adesanya's manager: "I really believe he has the ability to be MMA’s next major crossover star. He can be anything he wants to be. Megastar, Forbes (highest-paid athletes) list, movies. He’s got the athletic ability, the personality and the drive to match.”
Underground bare knuckle MMA documentary in sweden
Alistair Overeem releases a statement following his release from the UFC.
Venum deal starts in next month.
Alexis Davis stops Amanda Nunes with the softest ground and pound of all time
The 2021 PFL season will be held in a bubble at the Ocean Casino Resort in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Anthony Njokuani rocking and dropping his opponents
Jon Anik Previews UFC 259 Title Fights, Israel Adesanya's 'Quest For All-Time Greatness'
Gilbert Burns wants to know who he should fight next: Michael Chiesa, Colby Covington, Stephen Thompson, or Leon Edwards
Undefeated Gina Carano's first title fight also became her last MMA fight, via brutal TKO at 4:59 of the 5:00 first round to Cris Cyborg.
PFL to have 2021 regular season a "bubble" at the Ocean Casino Resort in Atlantic City, NJ, starting April 23. Airs on ESPN2 & ESPN+
Carlos Ulberg Talks his UFC Debut and Team City Kickboxing at UFC 259
DraftKings signs massive five-year deal with UFC for $350M
Kazushi Sakuraba catches Rampage Jackson in a slick RNC @ PRIDE.15 Raging Rumble
UFC 259: Matt Serra says Aljamain Sterling could dominate at 135lbs
Jack Slack Podcast 11: Can Jan Blachowicz's spooky power upset Israel Adesanya?
UFC 259: Nunes vs Anderson - A New Challenge | Fight Preview
“This fight clock is no longer brought to you by Modelo”
In her first fight at featherweight Amanda Nunes destroys Cris Cyborg, dropping her 4 times in 51 seconds. Nunes defends her featherweight title for the 2nd time this Saturday.
RIZIN boss Nobuyuki Sakakibara is interested in bringing Alistair Overeem back to Japan this year following his UFC release (via @TomTayMMA on Twitter)
Gustavo Lopez hopes to shed chaos, continue UFC success
Heavy Hands: 358 - Three "Title" Fights feat. Tom Elliott
Aleksandar Rakic deletes Jimi Manuwa
Israel Adesanya: "I'm not getting touched in this fight with Jan Blachowicz. That's my plan."
Mark Striegl, Qileng Aori to compete at UFC 261
Petr Yan’s dominant run to UFC gold | ESPN MMA
[Official] Flair Betting Thread
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 04, 2021
Jon Jones mocks Israel Adesanya for talk of shifting UFC superfight timeline to December
The Schmo tries to keep up with Michael Chandler in a strength and conditioning session
After nearly a decade away from the sport, 45-year-old Tsuyoshi Kosaka defeats James Thompson via TKO in the first fight ever under the RIZIN banner. A heavyweight pioneer, Kosaka made his debut in 1994 and has fought as recently as January 2020.
After a 725 day layoff, Johny Eduardo KO’s Eddie Wineland
After 5 fights without a win, Tito Ortiz pulls off the huge upset against upcoming fighter Ryan Bader
Pre-UFC Jack Hermansson channeling the just bleed gods
[ESPN] According to sources close to Dos Santos, he was recently offered a short-notice fight against Marcin Tybura at UFC 260 on March 29. After Dos Santos declined the fight because of not having enough time to prepare, the promotion ultimately decided to release him, sources said.
What’s your most obscure favourite fight ? Here’s mine, Bobby Green making his debut by choking out Jacob Volkmann
Almost 2 years ago to the day, Kamaru Usman became UFC Welterweight Champ in a thorough domination of Tyron Woodley [Via: UFC on Twitter]
UFC debut for Nikolas Motta against Damir Hadzovic is set to take place on May 8th.
Israel Adesanya on who he thinks is the only fighter in MW division that intrigues him
What’s something unique a fighter does in the cage that goes unnoticed by most?
Adesanya explains he's the underdog vs Jan Blachowicz
Great fight between Masahiko Suzuki and Soma Tameda that took place at RISE El Dorado this past weekend.
Manel Kape will replace Tagir Ulanbekov and face Matheus Nicolau at UFC Fight Night on March 13
Dominick Cruz confirms he's asked not to have Keith Peterson as his referee at UFC 259 - YouTube
Aljo on what he needed to be mindful of, when his fight was delayed: "I like to drink, you know."
Dominick Cruz just told us a story about USADA showing up at his door with "Pedro at full attention" why he chose to look at me when he said that, I'll never know
Mystery solved: Potatoes were in the bag Ottman Azaitar tried to sneak into 'Fight Island'
Aljamain Sterling unofficially knocks Jimmie Rivera down and hunts for the finish. He fights this weekend for the Bantamweight championship against Petr Yan at UFC 259
Junior Dos Santos and Alistair Overeem have apparently been cut
Weili Zhang vs Thug Rose [FIGHT PROMO] Survivors
Ottman Azaitar "Poked his head into the media room to yell 'I'm back' then left. He came back with a white bag, ran into the room again, waved it, laughing and then ran back out to the waiting car."
UFC 259: Israel Adesanya On Love Of Anime, The Last Airbender, & Naruto Fight Scenes
Why isn't there a Masters division (35+) for amateur MMA competitors?
UFC 259 Cold Open
Amanda Lemos drops Mizuki Inoue with a straight right hand
UFC 259: Aleksandar Rakic seeks win, fight with Israel Adesanya
Amanda Nunes on retirement, Clarissa Shields, UFC 259 and making memories!
I made a little UFC 259 preview video
Thiago Moises doubles down on Al Iaquinta callout: ‘He’s the matchmaker, he sells houses, but he won't fight?’
Drew Dober reveals Islam Makhachev fans have been sending him threatening DM’s — which he loves
Virna Jandiroba will fight Kanako Murata at UFC event on June 19th
I'm UFC commentator and host of the Fitz Nation podcast Brendan Fitzgerald! AMA!
Petr Yan's interview to Ariel Helwani about Sterling, Sandhagen, Dillashaw and more
Prelims for 'ONE on TNT' announced! The fights will be streamed on Bleacher Report MMA Twitter.
Petr Yan wants T.J. Dillashaw next
BEFORE and AFTER Fighting Israel Adesanya
Carlos Felipe renews UFC contract, will fight Jake Collier at UFC 263
Luana Pinheiro vs. Randa Markos is official for UFC 260
Stephen Thompson | "How Israel Adesanya Becomes The Next CHAMP CHAMP At UFC 259! Adesanya vs Blachowicz!"
Jan Blachowicz and Israel Adesanya meet for the first time on Adesanya's Instagram story
UFC 229 intro promo video still gives me goosebumps
UFC 259 Embedded: Vlog Series - Episode 3
BJJScout breakdown of Dominic Cruz striking footwork
UFC 259: Fully Loaded
Myles Jury breaks down his pay for his bout against Takanori Gomi
Rumble looking good ahead of the upcoming Grand Prix.
UFC 259 Preview: 6 must-watch fights this Saturday
UFC 202: Diaz x McGregor 2 Promo - Still one of the, if not the best promos thats been made.
BJ Penn chokes out Matt Hughes to become the UFC Welterweight Champion @ UFC 46
Petr Yan vs Magomed Magomedov 2 Full Fight
Cory Sandhagen | This Past Weekend w/ Theo Von #324
Why is Dan Hardy not presenting on BT sport anymore?
UFC 259: Blachowicz vs. Adesanya - Does the early prelims have the UFC’s most overrated fighter?
Bellator matchmaker Rich Chou lifts lid on promotion's rankings system, 'new chapter' in 2021
Jan Blachowicz responds to Israel Adesanya’s weight talk before UFC 259 | Ariel Helwani’s MMA Show
Gina Mazany stops Rachel Ostovich with front kicks to the body
UFC 259 commentary team, broadcast plans set: Joe Rogan returns to booth
Why Aljo Might have the Lowest KD rate in UFC history
3 Minutes of Jan Blachowicz Being Overlooked And then Unleashing Legendary Polish Power on Them
How Strength And Conditioning Works At Fairtex for Mark Abelardo's ONE Championship camp
Jamahal Hill tests positive for COVID-19, Possibly out of showdown vs Paul Craig
Israel Adesanya vs Filip Verlinden | GLORY 15 Istanbul
Silva calls out ‘rude’ referee Jerin Valel for ‘cruel’ point deduction at UFC Vegas 20
Maryna Moroz vs Manon Fiorot booked for June 5th, 2021.
John Castaneda outlines the turning point in win against Eddie Wineland
Uriah Hall, "I would fuck Isreal Adesanya up"
Current State of the Flyweight Division, Broken Down in Three Sections
Aljamain Sterling: "Khabib's a big inspiration to my style and helping me understand that..When you're good at something, stick to what you're good at."
Eugene Bareman - Submission Radio interview
Michael Chandler | Bussin With The Boys #084​
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 03, 2021
Anatomy of UFC 259: Petr Yan vs Aljamain Sterling - Episode 3
UFC 259: Blachowicz vs. Adesanya Full Card Previews & Predictions
Every confirmed fight so far from March 6th until June 19th.
[Vintage Tomato Man] The Goof has a MAJOR Goof moment at the UFC 205 presser
Paul Daley and Sabah Homasi to fight at Bellator257
Paulo Costa announces the birth of a new mythical fighter "Sober Costa"
Justin Gaethje thinks Drew Dober is ready for his fight with Islam Makhachev this weekend! Check out his journey to the Octagon - Front Range Fighter episode 3!
Paulo Costa's "Drunk" Interview
UFC Commentator Brendan Fitzgerald /u/BrendanFitzTV will be joining us for an AMA tomorrow (March 3rd) at Noon PST/3 PM EST!
The Fight Life – Aljamain Sterling
Bisping and Rockhold Crossing Paths
Jim Miller vs. Joe Solecki, April 10
Israel Adesanya on move to light heavyweight at UFC 259, expects to weigh less than 205 | ESPN MMA
Tafon Nchukwi vs. Jun Yong Park set for UFC event on May 8th.
Roxanne Modafferi will fight Taila Santos at UFC event on May 8th.
Murat Gugov vs. Former 1 UFC signee Ivan "Ural Hulk" Shtyrkov added to ACA 120 on March 26th.
Salman Zhamaldaev vs. Diego Brandao added to ACA 120 on March 26th
Jeff Molina vs. Aoriqileng set for UFC 261 on April 24th.
Jimmy Flick will fight Francisco Figueiredo at UFC event on May 8th.
Luis Peña will fight Alexander Munoz at UFC event on April 17th
Chronology Of Pride FC HW Championship Race
Drew Fickett is apparently finally going through with his comeback fight...
Giga Chikadze vs Cub Swanson booked for May 1st
My Very First Interview With A Fighter! - Sean O‘Malley
Rickson Gracie VS Hugo Duarte on Barra Barra Beach (1988)
Jan Blachowicz’s pre-fight ritual includes touching rope from hanged man he found in forest
Aljamain Sterling On What A UFC Title Shot Means To Him
Ranking the 5 UFC title fights set for March
UFC 259 Embedded Episode 2
Grant Dawson: ‘I’m a puzzle piece, that’s trying to fit into a puzzle that I don’t belong in’
Jon Jones takes shots at DC. DC Responds
Gabriel Benitez vs. Jonathan Pearce booked for UFC event on May 1
The Rise and Fall Of Muay Thai Godfather Klaew Thanikul
Jan Blachowicz: Career Retrospective
Former UFC Event Coordinator Burt Watson Talks About How He Suggested the Red and Blue Tape in MMA
Legendary UFC announcer Bruce Buffer talks fight night routines, effect of Covid-19 on MMA, Conor McGregor and more with Homie & The Dude
Will Brooks on Chandler vs Hooker: "I jumped up off the couch and I was gassed up. I can beat Chandler and beat Dan Hooker and beat these guys, but I’m not in a position to say that, because right now I am Mr. Irrelevant in MMA."
MaRCeL DoRFF 🇳🇱🇮🇩 on Twitter: Shane Burgos will fight Edson Barboza at #UFC262 on May 15th. (first rep. @raphamarinho)
Ufc 259 artist series poster
Drew Dober describes the hardest time of his UFC career... and the crazy thing he did to get back on track. He's won 6 of 7 since
Fresh off his win at UFC 225 over RDA, Colby attempts a scripted heel promo on the UFC Fox panel. Bisping tanks it immediately.
Collection of Herb Dean's questionable stoppages.
UFC Rankings Update: Gane up to #4 HW, Ankalaev up to #7 LHW, Rozenstruik down to #6 HW, Lee up to #11 LW, and Rivera down to #10 BW
GSP finishes Matt Hughes in their 2nd bout with a head kick and strikes on the ground, becoming the welterweight champion
Is it really that hard to stop being tackled to the ground if the guy is much bigger?193 cm and 130 kg vs 177cm and 86 kg.He was tackled on the ground like 10 times,each attempt from the big guy was succefull.We would see this every time a bigger fighter vs much smaller or this guy was not skilled?
Aljamain Sterling: Petr Yan has ‘beaten up a lot of old men,’ I want to ‘prove he’s been the paper champ this entire time’
PFL 2 matchups are set including Rory McDonald for April 29th
Rory MacDonald will fight David Michaud in PFL debut | ESPN MMA
Ramzan Kadyrov, the head of the Chechen Republic, posted on his IG this morning that he spoke to Khamzat Chimaev and essentially convinced him to not retire. “He remains and will fight to the end,” the post states, per the IG translator.
Amir Aliakbari (ONE’s Superstar Heavyweight) grapples with Soa "The Hulk" Palelei while coming up at AKA Thailand from 2014!
Anderson Silva becomes the first man to stop Stephan Bonnar w/ strikes @ UFC 153
UFC 259: Yan vs. Sterling and Adesanya vs. Blachowicz - The Fight Site Staff Predictions
Dan Hardy calls out Nick Diaz
3 Minutes of Charles Oliveira Having the Most Submission Wins in the UFC
UFC-USADA changed the sport’s PED culture, but fighters still perceive inadequacies in policing fighters based outside the U.S.
Khamzat Chimaev has promised to commit to his recovery and eventual return to the UFC.
I always thought Matt Mitrione had some of the heaviest hands in the UFC. This is what he did to Derrick Lewis.
Great faceplant KO by Marcos Breno (13-2) over Leandro da Silva (7-1) this weekend in Brazil
Luke Rockhold Previews UFC 259 Adesanya/Blachowicz, UFC Return, Rips Paulo Costa's "Drunk" Excuse
UFC 236 Fight Camp I Israel "The Last Stylebender" Adesanya Ep. 3
Per adjarasport.com: Georgian Featherweight Giga Chikadze will fight Cub Swanson at UFC Fight Night event on May 1st
[MMA Breez] Luke Rockhold on what weight class he’ll return at: “185 is the logical decision”, 205 “kind of took away from my flow [and] freedom”
Welterweight super-prospect Joey Davis hits Ian Butler with a picture perfect spinning back kick (with slow motion replay)
[Official] Technique & Training Tuesday
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 02, 2021
The incredible story of Sakuraba versus Gracie. They need to make a movie out of this. Six fifteen minute rounds. Winner somehow fought again that night.
The times Daniel Cormier had Jon Jones in trouble [via Martial Liam]
Jan Blachowicz uses his Polish power to force Devin Clark to submit
Paulo Costa ain't lying but he got caught up by his demons (english subs available)
Dana White on Khamzat Chimaev: “He’s not supposed to be training, but you know, this guy’s a savage. He wants to fight like every f*cking weekend, and now he can’t even train, so he just got emotional and posted that, but he ain’t quitting.”
Deiveson Figueiredo randomly decides to spam step-in elbows in the third round against Alexandre Pantoja
Matt Brown set to fight Dhiego Lima at June 19 UFC event
Dana White says Khamzat Chimaev NOT retiring
Jon Jones responds to Daniel Cormier saying that Jones doesn't have the power to knock out any heavyweights
Israel Adesanya rips Paulo Costa for 'hangover' excuse, offers advice to rival
Anatomy of UFC 259: Petr Yan vs Aljamain Sterling - Episode 2
The translation of Khamzat Chimaev's 'blood in the sink' Instagram story
Khamzat Chimaev Seems to Announce Retirement on Instagram
José Aldo employs impeccable head movement to avoid flurries from Petr Yan
These leg kicks are getting out of hand -warning NSFL graphic [Randall Ray vs Dean Maxwell]
"Thug" Rose vs Weili Zhang for the Title! | WEIGHING IN
MMA Fighters We Have Questions About in the year 2021
Jan Blachowicz demonstrates his effortless power by breaking Dominick Reyes nose with a combo that didn't look all-important to the commentators
Costa and Romero swanging and banging round 1.
Buchecha Set for MMA Debut Against Ji Won Kang at One on TNT 1 on April 7
Rise of Islam Makhachev
41-year-old Frank Mir admits the decision to box Antonio Tarver is part of his "mid-life crisis."
Jan Blachowicz shows Corey Anderson that "there's levels to this"
What is your light-hearted MMA conspiracy?
DC ripping Paulo Costa for 3 straight minutes for his excuses for the Izzy fight
Chuck Mindenhall's writing and the MAN & the MITH podcast are back at a new site run by Mindenhall.
All of Israel Adensanya’s UFC knockdowns
UFC 259 Błachowicz vs AdesanyaPreview | UFC Vegas 20 Recap | Petr Yan vs...
UFC 259 - Sterling vs Yan analysis
Top Finishes: Robert Whittaker
[Raimondi] Nurmagomedov: "Now, everybody talks about Dustin, Conor, Chandler, Justin, Oliveira. But by the end of the year, it's gonna be changed. I don't think anyone can beat Islam Makhachev. He will run the divison.”
Nina Ansaroff will return against mackenzie dern April 10th
Cool UFC 259 promo graphic
Israel Adesanya and Eugene Bareman interview each other at City Kickboxing. Israel will fight for his second belt on UFC 259 in only several days.
Undefeated flyweight Kana Watanabe will make her debut as a signed Bellator fighter against Alejandra Lara at Bellator 255 on April 2
FDA approves device designed to protect athletes from traumatic brain injuries
UFC 260 Fight Camp - Miocic v Ngannou 2
UFC 259 Embedded: Vlog Series - Episode 1
Let’s take a moment to appreciate how poorly Bellator is handling their HW division.
Sean Brady (13-0) locks in a nasty guillotine against Tanner Saraceno to win the Cage Fury FC Welterweight Championship. He fights Jake Mathews this weekend at UFC 259
Aljamain Sterling vs. Petr Yan Pre-Fight Breakdown: The Clinch
Paul Daley receives his Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt
Sage Northcutt is"Pumped" to face "Legend" Shinya Aoki at ONE on TNT 4
Some Intense Blood Covered Scrambling In Tony Ferguson Vs Josh Thomson
Chael Sonnen doesn't think heel hooks work in MMA
Jack Slack Podcast 10: Calf Kicks - Ban This Filth?
Jack Marshman - first Welsh UFC fighter, interview (with copious amounts of whiskey)
Uroš "The Doctor" Medić explains the origins of his nickname after the DWTNCS win. He makes his organizational debut at UFC 259
Best Knockout Combos in UFC History - TOP 5
Mike Perry gets dropped by David Mundell to start and end the first round, then finishes him in the second (Warning: Terrible audio quality, turn down volume)
UFC 259: Blachowicz vs Adesanya Predictions Form
[Official] Moronic Monday
[Official] General Discussion Thread - March 01, 2021
Cyril “Bon Gamin” Gane Highlights: Road to Top 5
Israel Adesanya crying after Ufc debut , he faces Jan blachowicz on March the 6th
Two rounds down, Josh Emmett one shot KO’s Michael Johnson
Jiri Prochazka
Amanda Ribas hoping to reschedule ‘very cool’ fight with Michelle Waterson
🐺 TECHNIQUE BREAKDOWN OF ISRAEL ADESANYA
What really happened, Ciryl Gane vs Jairzinho Rozenstruik
Preliminary card fighter shares statement regarding outcome of their bout.
UFC 259 Free Fight: Megan Anderson vs Norma Dumont
PETR YAN VS ALJAMAIN STERLING UFC 259 - THE WAR ROOM, DAN HARDY BREAKDOWN EP. 103
Benson Henderson - I Love Competition (short film)
Nunes vs Anderson preview
Inspiring Story from Belal
Video: Megan Anderson drops first episode of UFC 259 Fight Camp
Brad Riddell on Gregor Gillespie matchup, who will be in his corner, and grappling at Atos BJJ HQ
MMA, Muay Thai, K1 fighters sparring
Paulo Costa says he drank ‘too much wine’ the night before fighting Israel Adesanya, had ‘hangover’ - MMA Fighting
Sudden drop in quality of commentary.
UFC 259: Blachowicz vs Adesanya - Champion vs Champion
The Best Calf Kick Defense! Sensei Chinzo Machida teaches how to avoid the calf kick and counter it!
Jose Aldo defending calf kicks against Moicano
After an incredible mid-fight adjustment, Stipe continually attacks the body and finishes Daniel Cormier
UFC 259 Countdown - Views comparison between the three title fights
Kelvin Gastelum already offered fight in March but he’s also ‘staying ready’ as a potential replacement if needed
Miesha Tate snatches the women's bantamweight strap from Holly Holm w/ a hail mary RNC @ UFC 196
Rodrigo Nascimento will fight Alan Baudot at UFC event on May 22nd
Cro Cop on Chael Sonnen (interview from 2013)
Valentina Shevchenko gets a mounted crucifix and proceeds to rain elbows down on Katlyn Chookagian, finishing her in the 3rd round.
FIGHTERS PREDICT: Jan Blachowicz vs. Israel Adesanya | UFC 259
[SPOILER]Main Event Winner’s Statement
Gamebred announces that he's fighting Usman for the title in September
[Spoiler] Dana White on Main Event winner: "This was his coming-out party and his chance to show the world who he is. He won, but let's leave it at that. He won."
[Official] Shitpost Sunday
[Official] General Discussion Thread - February 28, 2021
[SPOILER] UFC Vegas 20 bonuses
Pros react to Ciryl Gane vs Jairzinho Rozenstruik at UFC Fight Night 186
[Spoilers] UFC Fight Night: Rozenstruik vs Gane Predictions Results
[Spoiler] Jones comments on main-event, Francis responds
[SPOILER] Jairzinho Rozenstruik vs. Ciryl Gane
[Official] UFC Fight Night: Rozenstruik vs. Gane - Press Conference & Post-Fight Discussion Thread
[OFFICIAL] Canelo v. Yildirim - Live Fight Thread on r/boxingdiscussion
[SPOILER] Nikita Krylov vs. Magomed Ankalaev
Ciryl Gane showing some of his hand speed in training (RIP Fernand Lopez)
[SPOILER] Pedro Munhoz vs. Jimmie Rivera
[SPOILER] UFC Prelim winner comments on his opponents Instagram post fight
[SPOILER] Alex Caceres vs. Kevin Croom
UFC Fight Pass currently has a UFC 259 Pre-Fight Press Conference scheduled to take place at 5:00 pm ET on Thursday, March 4th.
[SPOILER] Alexander Hernandez vs. Thiago Moisés
[SPOILER] Alexis Davis vs. Sabina Mazo
[SPOILER] Ronnie Lawrence vs. Vince Cachero
Junior dos Santos' Last 4 Fights
[SPOILER] Michael Bisping and the USSR
[SPOILER] Dustin Jacoby vs. Maxim Grishin
There is literally nothing funnier than an angry Dana White
Forrest Griffin spoils Shogun Rua's UFC debut w/ a last minute RNC @ UFC 76
[PSA] Check your N-S-F-W settings if you are not seeing fight clips.
Official] UFC Fight Night: Rozenstruik vs. Gane - Live Discussion Thread
UFC 261: Weili Zhang (-200) opens as clear favorite over Rose Namajunas (+170)
How the #UFCVegas20 card looked at the start of fight week versus how it looks today
[VIDEO] Valerie "Mal Hija" Soto Aims to Be the 'Female Cowboy Cerone'| All Factors Considered
UFC 259 Countdown: Nunes vs Anderson
UFC 259 Countdown: Yan vs Sterling
UFC 259 Countdown: Blachowicz vs Adesanya
Ciryl Gane lands an impossibly loud body kick on Don'tale Mayes
UFC 259 Countdown: Full Episode
Ilia Topuria deletes Damon Jackson with vicious bodywork and headshots
Stipe Miocic putting a beatdown on his opponents. He fights Francis Ngannou at ufc 260
Israel Adesanya on Jan Blachowicz, UFC 259, legacy and The Last Airbender live-action remake
Octagon Oracles: Tennessee Bantamweight Ronnie Lawrence | Lawrence debuts in the UFC tonight against Vince Cachero
Yan Xiaonan vs. Carla Esparza targeted for May 22nd per MMA DNA on Twitter
Ciryl Gane vs Jairzinho Rozenstruik, a Data Science and Analytics Breakdown
JRE MMA Show #103 with Max Holloway
UFC 261 adds Brendan Allen vs. Karl Roberson to lineup
Five years ago today: Anderson Silva seemingly KOs Michael Bisping with a jump knee at the end of the third round...and then loses the decision.
Unsuccessful UFC Two-division Champion Attempts [Undisputed]
Hill vs Yoder off
The Dwyer Score- UFC Fight Night: Jairzinho Rozenstruik vs. Ciryl Gane
Derrick "The Black Beast" Lewis - Major Stokeage
Joanna vs Weili: All End of Round Highlights. Weili is set to fight Rose Namajunas with the UFC targeting it for April 24th.
ONE Championship on TNT Schedule!
Natan Schulte talks Marcin Held matchup, Anthony Pettis & comparisons to Justin Gaethje | SCMP MMA
Holly Holm: Claressa Shields has tools, ambition to excel in MMA
Khamzat Chimaev calling out Neil Magny for a fight in June
WW champ Kamaru Usman foreshadows his dominance in TUF season 21
Dustin Poirier mixing it up beautifully.[via The Fight Site]
3 years ago Israel Adesanya makes his UFC debut by marking his territory, beating up Rob Wilkinson, and calling out all middleweights; eventually conquering the division. Next week he's fighting to become the 5th double champ in UFC's history.
Dana White talks about HW division and also reveals who he considers the greatest female fighter of all time.
Israel Adesanya on Jan Blachowicz, UFC 259, legacy and The Last Airbender live-action remake
[Official] General Discussion Thread - February 27, 2021
The New Heavyweight Division (1:42) - Early Stoppage
Boxing-MMA crossover: UFC Heavyweight Champion Randy Couture vs. 3 Weight class World Champion James Toney
Chris Gutierrez: 'My True Calling Is Helping People' Suffering From Depression
Ariel Helwani on Twitter: Jorge Masvidal is going to be providing colour commentary for Saturday’s Canelo Alvarez x Avni Yildrim fight in Spanish on ESPN in Latin America only, per his team and the network.
Tyrell Fortune to face Matt Mitrione Fri April 2nd at Bellator 255
ciryl gane's coach tells story of them first meeting (40:22)
Dana White has a 'great problem' in the heavyweight division | UFC Live
UFC 260 poster
Robert Whittaker opens as -184 favorite vs Paulo Costa (+154) (via FanDuel Sportsbook)
Jairzinho Rozenstruik Explains Why Jon Jones Will Do Great At Heavyweight
Daniel Rodriguez plans to send Mike Perry packing from UFC
Ciryl Gane Expects Francis Ngannou to be UFC Heavyweight Champion
Ariel Helwani on Twitter: Zhang Weili vs Rose Namajunas in the works for UFC 261
Matt Brown crumbles in pain from an Erick Silva liver kick, but just make sure Herb Dean lets it go on for a bit (not pictured: Brown coming back to win in a '14 FOTY candidate)
Rozenstruik vs. Gane Weigh In Faceoff
Anatomy of UFC 259: Petr Yan vs Aljamain Sterling - Episode 1
Chris Leben reflects on facing Anderson Silva in the latter's UFC debut
Scott Coker, president of Bellator, appears on Javier Mendez's podcast
Dustin Poirier: Conor McGregor UFC trilogy about getting 'the right deal structured'
Per sources, 🇨🇦 Jeremy Kennedy (16-2) will take on 🇭🇺 Adam Borics (16-1) in a featherweight bout at #Bellator's April 9 event.
Robert Whittaker vs Paulo Costa headlines ESPN's card on April 17
UFC Vegas 20 Preliminary Card Preview
A Bantamweight scrap between Patchy Mix (13-1) and James Gallagher (11-1) is targeted to take place at #Bellator258 on May 7th.
Bonus Resume: Amanda Nunes
Jason Herzog does his best Herb Dean impression and makes Gane finish Souza twice
Poster released for Leon Edwards vs. Belal Muhammad
John Wayne Parr will face Nieky Holzken in his ONE FC debut
Ciryl Gane breakdown: Heavyweight’s best kicker?
[Video] Cub Swanson highlight reel (2mins)
This Past Weekend E324: Cory Sandhagen
Neiman Gracie faces ‘The Ass-Kicking Machine’ Jason Jackson on April 2 at Bellator 255
Tanner Bosser hurts Pessoa's eye, who crumbles in pain, but just make sure Herb Dean lets it go on for a bit
Did you guys know? Magomed Ankalaev faced current Bellator LHW champion back in 2014
5 Incredible PRIDE FC Performances
Dagestan: Land of Warriors Episode 4 (featuring Zabit Magomedsharipov)
JRE MMA Show #102 with Dustin Poirier
UFC 259: Inside the Octagon - Blachowicz vs Adesanya
Crazy submission at Open Fighting Championship 2
Professional Fighters League is hiring a Full-Time Video Editor & Shooter working with the Digital & Social Media team.
Ramazan Kuramagomedov out of bout with Alex Oliveira due to illness
Kelvin Gastelum open to quick return in March, wants 3-0 year | MMA Junkie
UFC 259 Free Fight: Aljamain Sterling vs Cory Sandhagen
Every significant strike in Sandhagen v. Edgar
Maxim Grishin (210.5lbs) misses weight
Kevin Lee refreshed by forced break from MMA: "But now that I can’t do it, I really had to sit back and fall back in love with it. I just had to sit with it and realize, ‘Man, this is what I do – this is what I love to do.’"
I can bang a hooker but I can’t smoke weed? - Croom slams Nevada Commission for overturning win
Amanada Ribas calls out Michelle Waterson
Rodtang Jitmuangnon vs Tagir Khalilov | ONE: Fists of Fury
Rampage Jackson then and now
Full Fight | Aaron Pico vs. John De Jesus | Bellator 252
Introducing STeloR: the first predictive, offensive MMA ranking algorithm
Throwback to UFC 116 Where Lesnar submitted Shane Carwin with an arm triangle choke.
Bas Rutten exacts his revenge on Masakatsu Funaki w/ a ruthless knee to the face @ Pancrase 1996 Anniversary Show
[Official] UFC Fight Night: Rozenstruik vs. Gane - Weigh-In & Pre-Fight Discussion Thread
