This wind is crazy! Having to shut our windows and hearing things crashing outside!
Entire 1BD Apartment Uses 15A Fuse
NYC on minimum wage
Bill de Blasio on "Face the Nation" Today (03/14/21)
Javits Center 24-hour vaccination pilot program comes to an end
Live Now (7:45PM): New York City Holds COVID-19 Memorial Ceremony, “A COVID-19 Day of Remembrance”, to mourn the over 30,000 lives lost due to the pandemic. One year ago today, NYC announced the first COVID-19 death. The Mayor & First Lady will give remarks (3/14/2021)
There was a rant a while ago here about ripoff/dodgy opticians, esp on the UWS, so I wanted to give a mention of this small local optical business that is the opposite of that
Trump returns to NYC & his fans gather
Non-Profit Workers Eligible March 17th
Homeless Guy Gave Me Money
NYC reflects on 1-year anniversary of 1st coronavirus death in the state
Andrew Cuomo MEGATHREAD
Pelosi: Cuomo should 'look inside his heart' to see if he can 'govern effectively'
Don’t forget what time is it? It’s Daylight savings!
Nice oldscool map of NY
New Zoning Incentives for Grocery Store Developments Proposed in New York City
Heads up: CVS has open vaccination slots in Bronx, Brooklyn, a few others places in & near the city.
Detailed Description of Javits Center Process for Covid Vaccination.
Sutton Park-Queensboro Bridge
Landlord homeless, unable to evict ‘deadbeat’ tenant thanks to COVID law
Anti-Asian violence in Chinatown this morning
Brooklyn Bridge
Eric Adams Wins Backing Of Building Service Workers, Clinching Three Key Unions
A Handsome Solution to New York’s Bike-Parking Crisis
Deal near on legalizing recreational marijuana, officials say
What happens when a sanitation car blocks a street-cleaning truck? Can Sanitation give *themselves* a ticket? 😂
Dear Older, Badass, Shirtless, Asian Man running in Central Park every weekend.
High rider
Chinatown Banquet Hall's Workers And Supporters Propose Collective Ownership Plan To Launch New Restaurant
Cuomo Approves Paid Time Off for Vaccine Shots, Expands Rapid Testing Ahead of More New York Reopenings
‘I’m on the street, but I’m not a bum’: how a Vietnam vet showed me the real New York
NYC has now fully vaccinated 10% of its adult population. 21% having received first dose 🎉
Leaving NYC during the pandemic
My drawing of the Manhattan Bridge, ink on paper
If you haven’t checked out Ample Hills Creamery: Fire House....you’re missing out! This is the amazing view!
Let's Talk Katz's Deli
What to Know About Kathy Hochul, Cuomo’s Possible Successor
"March 12, 2020: The Night the City Sighed to Sleep" We gathered scenes from the New York City cultural landscape in the last moments before lockdown.
Bloomberg: Schumer, Gillibrand Say Cuomo Should Resign
Is it close enough yet?
Cuomo’s approval rating hits all-time low, but not in NYC
“NYC IS A GHOST TOWN!”
"A study from the University of Michigan showed that 88 percent of the researchers "lost phones were returned in Tokyo and only six percent in New York city."
Hate and intolerance is effecting everyone in NYC. We can and need to do better than this.
My latest painting of Distorted New York ft The Scream
Free Empanadas @ Empanada City 321 Starr Street, Brooklyn
Plant in trash needs home! Found on 4th Ave between 10th and 11th Street in Manhattan
Links and tips to get a vaccine in NYC
Lost Cat- Please Share
NYC is #122 in the happiness ranking of 182 American cities
NEW: "I'm not going to resign," @NYGovCuomo says, saying he won't bow to "cancel culture."
[Tom Precious] .@NYGovCuomo says his staff is going to be working through the weekend with the Legislature on a marijuana legalization bill. Suggesting: he's not going anywhere before the end of the weekend. He's now talking bill signings
[NYS Dept. of Health · Manhattan] Javits Center (Pfizer): 1500 appts Mar 17 – 8:00AM-7:30PM
Cuomo told aides to track down attractive young women he met at parties and offer them jobs
View of Long Island City from Turtle Bay
New York Event, Arts and Entertainment Venues Can Reopen April 2 at 33% Capacity
Cuomo's Sixth Accuser Reportedly Doesn't Want to File Police Report Related to Sexual Harassment Allegations
Almost All Of The New York's Democratic Congressman - From Moderates To AOC - Call For Andrew Cuomo To Resign Immediately
Shiny.
Here's a video of the same trash-filled area near BQE from this morning (worst stretch is 30 sec and 2:05 marks)
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (March 12, 2021) (Vol. 99 / the confirmed/probable COVID-19 death toll in NYC is now above 30,000 edition)
Private Schools Have Become Truly Obscene
Inside a Billionaire’s Plan to Influence New York’s Mayoral Race: The billionaire developer Stephen M. Ross is rallying fellow business leaders to commit tens of millions of dollars in an effort to push moderate Democrats to vote in the June mayoral primary in New York
Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance won't seek reelection
New Adversary Looms for Trump as Vance Exits Manhattan D.A. Race
NY's Vaccine Passport App Raises Concerns About "Digital Segregation"
The Best NYC Movies
Boston Globe: Planning to celebrate your vaccination with a night out at the movies, or dinner, or a day at the ballpark? You might need to bring your passport—vaccine passport, that is. It's already happened in New York City at Madison Square Garden and the Barclays Center. (8-tweet thread)
Rally Tomorrow To Advocate for Opening NYC Public Schools (Get rid of 2 case rule; 6 ft rule & Open 5 days per Week)
Lost Mac on L Train
Affordable nyc dentist insurance so I don't have to pay $3,000+ for braces
Finally been watching Bojack Horseman, and this subtle "Dan Smith Will Teach You Guitar" joke is amazing
Surf Rockaway art by Frank Okay
Receive Free Virtual Tax Assistance From the NYS Department of Taxation and Finance if Your AGI is under $72k.
100 new federal COVID-19 vaccine hubs to open in New York
Interesting article about the NYC subway.
The amount of litter near on ramps is totally out of control (this is near the BQE in Brooklyn) but it’s a citywide problem
‘Tough Guy’ Cuomo’s Hard Reign Over MTA Shaken by Growing Scandals
Gothamist accidentally (?) publishes Cuomo resignation
Street Haircuts
I found on the street a personal gaming console in Hells Kitchen (9th Ave in between 49/48) on March 11th. Send me a note with the make / color / some of the games you had.
What Is New York City Getting From the American Rescue Plan?
WSJ: Andrew Cuomo Aides Called Former Staffers to Discredit Accuser
WSJ: N.Y. Gov. Andrew Cuomo Will Face Impeachment Investigation by New York State Lawmakers
Williamsburg Bridge
A stroll through Brooklyn Bridge Park on this lovely warm day.
My AC unit had a special visitor today! (Red tailed hawk)
A case for permanent outdoor dining in NYC
View from the lower east side
IT'S FUCKING BEAUTIFUL OUTSIDE
Latest Accusation Against Cuomo Is Referred to Albany Police
I’m Art Chang, and I’m running as a Democrat in the mayoral primary on June 22. I’ve worked in and around civic causes most of my life, including economic development, child welfare, election reform, and education. I love talking details, so let’s get started, ask me anything.
50 year old sign stolen from iconic local bar
New Yorkers who've worked from home during the pandemic have saved 12.5 days worth of commuting time over the last year
De Blasio says Cuomo 'can no longer serve as governor' as 59 NY lawmakers call on him to resign
Manhattan skyline from Jersey City. Never gets old.
New York Ending Domestic Travel Quarantine Requirement As Of April 1
Would someone want to adopt and revive this jade?? BK
City spent half a million dollars per inmate in 2020, report says
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (March 11, 2021) (Vol. 98 / One Year Ago today, COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the WHO edition)
Wild clouds last night over NYC
Photos: A City Ruptured
Asian American mother says she was spit at while holding baby, called 'Chinese virus' in Queens
America Is Not Made for People Who Pee | As Biden pushes for an infrastructure package, let’s fix our scandalous lack of public restrooms.
This place in Seaport district looks like a scene from Tim Burton’s movie #nyc
NY Daily News: Cuomo backers falsely claim his accusers are part of Trump pardon plot (#CuoAnon)
The City feels great tonight (45f)
METRO Gillibrand quick to call out Franken, Kavanaugh, Clinton, Trump — but not Cuomo
An Englishman Looks at Brooklyn, a BBC radio show from 10 March 1944
Rise in anti-Asian violence puts added strain on struggling NYC restaurants
Female aide said Cuomo aggressively groped her at the governor's mansion; Cuomo issues denial but describes details of woman's account as 'gut-wrenching'
I hope this is real and somebody claims it!!
Flight to Florida? Data show few Manhattanites moved permanently
NYC lawsuit against NYPD arrest headed to U.S. Supreme Court
Variants account for 51% of new COVID-19 cases in NYC
There's currently 53,144 Vaccine appointments available across 16 different spots in the city. Book in!
Do You Know Who’s Running for City Council in Your District?
Health Officials Confirm NYC COVID Variant Is More Infectious, Outpacing UK Strain
NEW: @NYGovCuomo and I just announced that New Jersey and New York City will both expand indoor dining capacity to 50% beginning March 19th. Our states will continue to work together to protect the health of as many residents as possible.
Andrew Yang proposes free subway rides for 1 week to help economic recovery.
Target partnering with CVS at these select Target locations to provide COVID-19 Immunization (ability to make appointments as they become available in link)
[Sutton] Statement on Suspension of Campaign
NYC landlords are sitting on apartments because rent is getting too cheap. They'd rather keep them empty.
Murder Suspect Accidentally Released From Jail, NYPD Says
Don’t Close Rikers—Fix. It New York City’s plan to replace the correctional complex with neighborhood jails is impractical and politically untenable.
NY Cop who admitted to lying about shooting teen got a medal
Associated Supermarket Given 30 Days to Vacate Crown Heights Site
I've curated a playlist dedicated to remembering the instrumentals of the legendary CD101.9 FM Smooth Jazz New York (1988-2008) including rare gems from the early days. Enjoy!
[OC] Brooklyn Bridge view of Manhattan.
Statue silhouetted by Manhattan skyline
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (March 10, 2021) (Vol. 97 / +60 year olds can now get vaccinated in NY edition)
Manhattan prosecutors focus on Donald Trump's New York estate: report
NYS Vaccination Jobs - NY State is hiring 2,000 positions for its vaccine effort, both clinical & support staff: * Customer service rep * Inventory management * Data entry * Site supervision * Behavioral health counseling * Pharmacy * License medical professional
Tens of thousands of covid vaccine slots just opened up at the state sites
Test for MTA Auto Mechanic helper is coming up
Anti-Asian hate crimes increased by nearly 150% in 2020, mostly in N.Y. and L.A., new report says
Morning view from Inwood Hill Park (Muscota Marsh)
Inside a Billionaire’s Plan to Influence New York’s Mayoral Race
Brooklyn man dies after setting himself on fire, cops searching for man’s missing mother: officials
Did Cellino break up with Barnes?
NYC landmark Jing Fong dining room closes as Manhattan’s Chinatown feels bite of pandemic
6th woman accuses Cuomo of misconduct, claims he 'inappropriately touched her' at governor's mansion
Cuomo Book Publisher Reportedly Stops Promotion Amid Investigation Into Nursing Home Deaths
New York Lawmaker Introduces Bill to Decriminalize Psilocybin
Since COVID-19 vaccine eligibility is expanding, I'm reposting some shareable instructions on securing an appointment on the state site.
New York Lowers Age for Vaccine Eligibility to 60 Years Old
A golden nyc sunset
Scott Stringer wants to lower city-based LIRR and Metro-North fares to $2.75
Stuy Town lottery is now open!
Walgreens/Duane Reade has over 100+ Covid Spots open for Queens (65+ years old and teachers only)
Fascinating New York Footage in 1945 in color, remastred
[Cuomo] NEW: We are expanding vaccine eligibility to New Yorkers aged 60 and over. Appointments will open across the state tomorrow, 3/10, at 8am.
As NYC Moves to Reopen High Schools in Two Weeks, Students Are Both Torn About Returning and Weary of Staying Home
‘My Turn to Get Robbed’: Delivery Workers Are Targets in the Pandemic
A bike ride across the Brooklyn Bridge
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (March 9, 2021) (Vol. 96)
Moonrise in the financial district
72% of Workers Don’t Want to Return to Office Full Time
Pols look to allow bikes, pedestrians on the Verrazzano and other MTA bridges
NYPD sergeant fired for putting prisoner in chokehold: documents
If you're 65+, or school/child care staff and looking for an appointment at Walgreens.
A map of subway/train accessibility in New York CIty (NYC)
view from the top of the tallest building in queens
just thought i’d share this from a recent climb in LIC
Links and tips to get a vaccine in NYC
I just got vaccine at Javitts, it’s so well run!
NY AG Names Two High-Profile Attorneys to Lead Cuomo Sexual Harassment Investigation
Emerson Polling - New York City Poll: Yang, Adams, Wiley Lead Crowded Mayoral Democratic Primary Field
Just want to share this with everyone🙂
Gotta love when you get Canal St all to yourself on an early Sunday morning
A lethal hotel fire at the St. Patrick’s Day parade, 1899
New York GOP Lawmakers Announce Impeachment Resolution Against Embattled Gov. Cuomo
The Best Bagels Are in California (Sorry, New York)
Heads up if you're a twin and getting vaccinated in NYC. Check your vaccination record card.
"LIRR Screwed Us": Long Island Commuters On Crowded Trains Seethe At MTA's New Service Cuts
“They Thought They Had Identified Another Political Star”: Sources Say Cuomo’s Tortured Pandemic Memoir Fetched a Seven-Figure Advance
What A Night At The Movies Feels Like Right Now In NYC
NYPD officer shot in chest, saved by bullet-proof vest: sources
How Coronavirus Has Changed New York City Transit, in One Chart
Covid-19 Changed New York City: A Story of Six Lives
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (March 8, 2021) (Vol. 95 / What to expect on the reopening of high schools in NYC on March 22 / “The walls are closing in” on Cuomo edition)
NYC Plans To Reopen Public High Schools On March 22nd
Lawmakers re-introducing legislation to ban non-essential helicopters over New York City
My night shot of West Village
These New Yorkers will never forgive Gov. Cuomo for forcing out Andy Byford
NYPD cop knelt on teen’s back, fired gun — but is still on force: court docs
57% of New Yorkers think Cuomo should resign: poll
What are these Black Jesus posters? I see them all around the city.
Cuomo said lawmakers will have to impeach him if they want him out of office after top Democrats call for his resignation
Top State Leader Says ‘Cuomo Must Resign.’ Governor Says ‘No Way.’
A group of teens hosted a NYC mayoral forum and surprised the candidates with a pop quiz of the local standardized test. Every candidate failed. "if you had a bad day and didn't get some of the questions right, I don't care and neither does the test."
A school psychologist who works in New York City for the DOE
This Is One of the Smallest Restaurants in New York
Chazz Palminteri Reveals the Many Tales Behind 'A Bronx Tale' at the Bedford Playhouse
Two more women accuse Cuomo of inappropriate conduct
Senate majority leader Andrea Stewart Cousins calls on Cuomo to resign
The Yeshiva University Maccabees are the biggest winners in men’s college hoops
Got JnJ at Javits last night.
Restaraunts outside of NYC / everywhere else in state will now be bumped up to 75%, on March 19.
York College - COVID19 Vaccination appointment - my experience
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (March 7, 2021) (Vol. 94 / Cuomo speaks out on new allegations edition)
Police: Naked Cowboy arrested in Daytona Beach during Bike Week
Central Park reservoir at dusk.
View from a hallway window
After being arrested in Brooklyn, a man named Roger Headley spent years behind bars because he couldn’t afford bail. Really interesting interactive documentary about how cash bail upended one man’s life and the disproportionate impact it has on low-income communities
Woman’s body found in South Street Seaport warehouse
Chinatown
NYC Real Estate Prices Continue to Drop, With No End in Sight
NYC roads aren’t a joke, blassioo where is our money going?
Amazing acoustics under the 7 (by Sunnyside, Queens)
Third Former Andrew Cuomo Aide Describes Inappropriate Workplace Treatment
WABC News Briefs, Teases (Ernie Anastos, Kaity Tong), 1984
How a Holocaust Survivor Showed Up for a Vaccine and Charmed a Hospital
INSANE Con-Edison Bill
Meet Sidney the seal! NYC aquarium introduces rescued harbor seal from California
At least seven injured as vehicle plows through outdoor dining area in NYC
View from my firm in fidi pre-covid
After MetroCards are phased out, they'll probably become collectable like Subway tokens.
TurboVax Hero Stands Against Anti-Asian Racism
How is this still a thing?
(OC) The MAGA crew's response to hecklers at a right-wing protest in NYC
5th Ave
De Blasio is serious about ‘longshot’ run against Gov. Cuomo, insiders say
Upcoming AMA with NYC mayoral candidate Art Chang - March 11th
Esca, a Seafood Standout in the Theater District, Closes
Clem Burke and Debbie Harry visiting 1976 from the future, 14th Street.
Morning view from Williamsburg.
Not sure this has been posted already, but they are now accepting appointments for those above 18 with underlying conditions that apply for the listed zip codes at the Armory. Check the link for medical eligibility.
New York AG sends notice to Cuomo to preserve documents in sexual harassment probe
Went to javitz for my vaccine this morning. My experience.
“Nothing to Fear:” A Look Back At The Mixed Messages We Got Last March
Looking to adopt a small dog
New York cinemas reopen, brightening outlook for theaters
Subway train inspectors suspended, rail defects found following investigation
Cuomo Expresses Deep Regret That Grandma Didn’t Have The Balls To Tough It Out
NYC judge slams prosecutor's office behind the wrongful homicide convictions of three men
A Quiet Evening at the PATHasaurus
New York Legislature Strips Cuomo Of Extraordinary Emergency Powers, With A Caveat
Please Keep a Look Out- LOST DOG NEARBY JFK
Bruh.... What?
Proof of underlying condition for covid vaccine
NYC mayor plans to ditch hybrid learning next school year
Enjoying our daily 15 minutes of direct sunlight
Tagged Up Trains and Subway Stories: A Cornell Chef Reveals the Underworld of 1970s Graffiti
New York City educators call for action to stop in-person schooling and save lives
De Blasio to make announcement on high school reopenings next week
De Blasio: ‘I don’t see how Cuomo goes on’ as gov with ‘evidence mounting’
Manhattan Neighborhoods Ranked by Average Distance to a Subway Station [OC]
Well I guess I can’t get a post snack work from the fruit stand today.
Vaccine For All: City Begins Vaccination for Homebound New Yorkers
OPINION: Slow down, Andrew Cuomo stories are getting out of control
E 50th St & 2nd Ave - Seven Injured After Car Struck Outdoor Dining Area @Citizen
Married tax filers in NYS, consider if filing separately is more beneficial
NYC Says Vaccines May Be Available to All Soon as Late April
Andrew Cuomo was never a hero. Karma is coming for him, with a vengeance
Upper East Side Barely Added Housing Since 2010, New Study Finds
Rally to Open Schools March 13th City HAll
Anti-abortion protesters accused of harassing women at NYC clinic used Proud Boys as bodyguards
Broadway and 14th Street (1938) Photo by Reginald Marsh
Mayor de Blasio has a 22% approval rating in NYS.
Database of NYPD misconduct complaints released
CITY KID / COUNTRY KID lost of video of Hells Kitchen from 1979
Yankee Stadium overnight COVID vaccines is now live - For Bronx residents!
bethedsa terrace, fall 2020
We Spoke to The New Yorker Who Found a Whole Apartment Behind Her Bathroom Mirror
Cuomo Aides Rewrote Nursing Home Report to Hide Higher Death Toll
WSJ: Cuomo Advisers Altered Report on Covid-19 Nursing-Home Deaths
New Yorkers would have to flash COVID-19 passport to enter venues under new program
Photograph collector stumbles across a stack of old photos from the 1980s in New York City
New York Elected Officials Approval Ratings among NYC Voters
LOST DOG
My home away from home
Manhattan apartment discounts may be ending soon as sales soar 73% in February
Mass Vaccination Sites' Overnight Availability is Live (JNJ / single shot)
Brooklyn Shomrim founder arrested by feds, charged with coercing minor for sex
Underground Horns was busking at Union Square Park yesterday
All five NYC district attorneys call for harsher punishments for subway spitters
New York 1920s Street Life footage Colorized and 60fps! Awesome!
A New York City Mystery Tok.
New York’s Paragon Sports Fights to Keep Going After Mass Layoff
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (March 4, 2021) (Vol. 93)
New York Sports Clubs' former owner settles NY attorney general lawsuit over billing
De Blasio pushes ‘aggressive’ approval of NYC’s congestion pricing in call with Buttigieg
Javits Center overnight J&J appointments now live. Pfizer until 7pm, then J&J starts 9pm - 6am
As Online Shopping Surged, Amazon Planned Its New York Takeover
Suspect faces hate crime charges in stabbing of Asian man in New York City
Video: Asian man beaten in unprovoked attack at NYC subway station.
East River community group gets action on release of *heavily redacted* value engineering study
OPINION: MTA’s Failure on the Verrazzano Bridge Reveals its Pro-Car Bias
What’ll It Be? Light or Dark? Here’s my shot at a digital painting of McSorley’s Old Ale House.
My home away from home
Car fire on east bound bqe this morning
NYC Parks calling on NYers to submit the names of Black community leaders as it renames spaces around the city
PSA When looking at apartments on Streeteasy, make sure to look at the building's past listings
New York to Allow Limited Live Performances to Resume in April
Cuomo Kills Domestic Travel Rules for Fully Vaccinated People, Sets More Key Reopening Dates
FAQ - needs an update?!
Miss the City!
200 Amsterdam Avenue Prevails in Appellate Ruling, on Manhattan's Upper West Side
1 Year Anniversary of 1st Community Spread Case In NYC Metro Area
Imagine if this map was a reality (subway expansion)
Police are responding to reports of people climbing the Brooklyn Bridge: Reports on Citizen App say the people are attempting to change the flags
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (March 3, 2021) (Vol. 92)
5th Avenue Looking North, New York City, (1944) Photo by Charles Phelps Cushing
Silent Cuomo Mired in Twin Scandals | The Village Voice
Cuomo to Be Stripped of Pandemic Emergency Powers in Legislative Deal
PSA: If you are going to Javits any time in the next week or so and you are or you are bringing someone who has underlying health conditions, an older adult, or pregnant: COME PREPARED
Andrew Cuomo Is Living to Regret the Deal He Pushed on Letitia James
As NYC Movie Theaters Open, Don't Count On Concessions
Don’t mess with NYC subway pigeons
FOUND KEYS
6 NY Democratic lawmakers call for Cuomo to be impeached
Exclusive Poll: New Yorkers want to replace Governor Cuomo in 2022
New York is going to experiment with some overnight hours at mass-vaccination sites in the Bronx, Manhattan and the Syracuse area to distribute J&J vaccine doses. More detail here:
How to get a Learner's Permit in NYC right now...
NYC's Hasidic Jewish Community Will Surprise You- Borough Park, BK
When watching videos of apartments online, do you prefer a video with or without the agent talking?
To reopen event venues, New York's Excelsior Pass app will confirm your vaccine or negative COVID test
Manhattan luxury market has best month in six years
A Guide to the NYC Movie Theater Reopening
Commissioner Dermot Shea Apologizes for Systemic Racism in NYPD. 'He says the department is working on programs and training to address and prevent systemic racism in the NYPD, He is also encouraging people of color to join the department to help make change they want to see.'
Coronavirus NYC: J&J shots could start today in NYC; Co-op City getting vaccination site
Large GC’s Hiring
How Shaun Donovan Would Run New York
NY Rallies Against Anti-Asian Terrorism
Over 2 million vaccine doses administered in NYC!
Inside the $70 million plan to build a beach in Manhattan
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (March 2, 2021) (Vol. 91)
William E. Suaro/N.Y. Times - Ruelle’s restaurant at the corner of W. 75th and Columbus Ave., Upper West Side, New York City, 1979
Chilly morning and the Moon (5AM)
The Macy’s Flower Show will take place from May 2nd, 2021 through May 16th, 2021.
One of the 2 Cuomo NY Post front pages for tomorrow
Tony Awards campaigns go digital during the Broadway shutdown
Coalition Calls On NYC Leaders To Kick Cars Off 25 Percent Of City Streets
Term "brick"
Thousands of vaccine slots just opened at Javits and aqueduct, click through even if it says not available.
A Trader Joe's worker says he was fired after writing to the CEO about Covid-19 safety protections
Punk Rock in Manhattan
Fauci says Biden administration is taking new Covid variant in New York ‘very seriously’. "Fauci said the New York strain likely originated in Washington Heights"
Ex-con busted for killing good Samaritan outside NYC gambling den
Governor Cuomo Updates New Yorkers on State's Progress During COVID-19 Pandemic
Covid 19 vaccine appointments NYC
De Blasio Criticizes State Over Vaccines Going To Non-NYC Residents
Ed, Dave, Rudy, Mike, Bill and me: The 2021 mayoral contenders rank the last five mayors
Graduate Workers Union announces intention to strike on March 15
Gov. Cuomo’s Administration Hires Criminal Defense Lawyer
De Blasio suggests Cuomo should resign if sexual harassment allegations are substantiated
NYC H+H told you to use+ship your COVID test "on a certain date"? Read this!
Cuomo: New York is Getting Closer To End of COVID Pandemic
Inside the beautiful Forest Hills Gardens, Queens
Saw someone else asking about these. Saw this one near Stuyvesant Square
Sourdough on Shabbat? Inside the City’s Kosher Food Revolution
Looking for NYC restaurant/delivery workers, supermarket employees, and taxi/limo/ride sharing drivers who have gotten the Covid vaccine.
Cuomo Was Always New York’s Bad Guy. Here’s Why He Was Finally Exposed.
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (March 1, 2021) (Vol. 90 / 1 year ago today, the first confirmed COVID-19 case in NY was announced / Where’s Cuomo edition)
Lost AirPods Pro and case
Monthly Discussion Thread - Month of March, 2021
NYC lobbyists still make bank despite COVID-19 pandemic
Cuomo acknowledges behavior seen as 'flirtation'
OP-ED: Financial, legal and operational conflicts facing Gov. Cuomo's $16-billion NY Empire Station Complex Project
Public Dancing Opens On Central Park Mall, Naumburg Bandshell, 1934.
A New York Drugstore Nearly as Storied as the City Itself
Andrew Cuomo Unveils Plan To Reduce Covid Spread At Nursing Homes By Throwing Residents Out Onto Street
Study: NYC Arts Sector lost 66% of jobs during Covid
Ailing NYC woman, 73, dies climbing 19 stories in blackout
New Yorkers rally against wave of anti-Asian hate
Mayor De Blasio releases statement regarding latest disturbing allegations against Governor Cuomo: "...The state legislature must immediately revoke the governor's emergency powers that overrule local control..."
Javits currently has lots a slots available for first doses for March 5th - 8th. This link takes you there directly
Javits appointments this week for all eligible New Yorkers
Comandante Biggie, Brooklyn Love Building, Spread Love, it’s the Brooklyn way!
Power slowly returning after 2nd outage in 3 days at Bronx buildings
Caput Mundi
I took a photo of the Statue of Liberty in Red Hook, Brooklyn
Luna Park in Coney Island under snow
Nick Paumgarten: Andi Schmied’s Billionaire-Espionage Art Project
The eviction moratorium problem
Grampa Munster Al Lewis does the Weather Report for WPIX 11 ~ New York (1989)
Cuomo calls for outside review after second former aide alleges sexual misconduct
Creator of Vaccine Website Encourage Chinatown Donations to Fight Anti-Asian Racism
Cuomo Is Accused of Sexual Harassment by a 2nd Former Aide
I drew the Manhattan and Brooklyn Bridges
RIP Coyote Ugly - NYC's place for women on the bar as well as drinking there.
NY Times: How to Avoid Scams When Renting an Apartment
NYC public school system demographics
Tomorrow! ‘We’re not going back’: N.Y. Black History event featuring Gerald Horne, Feb. 28
Live Now (1:00PM): Mayor Bill de Blasio attends the Rally to Rise Up Against Asian Hate, held by the Asian American Federation. Held outside of Federal Plaza, in lower Manhattan. (2/27/2021)
Cuomo: NY Hotel Workers Can Now Get the COVID-19 Vaccine
I write essays in my spare time and I am (nervously) sharing this one here about an often misinterpreted part of our city. If this is against the sub's rules I apologize to the mods and will gladly agree to its removal.
Amid the Scandals, Cuomo’s Enemies Are Ready to Unleash a Decade of Resentment
How the Bronx was depicted on 1990s Canadian TV
West Village Rents Remain Low In 2021, Report Finds
Andrew Yang comes to aid of Getty photographer attacked on Staten Island Ferry
I set up a thread for users to share their negative experiences with NYC landlords and management companies. All submissions are appreciated. Arm yourself with knowledge.
Daughter of Former NYPD Officer: Malcolm X Letter is Fake
Chinatown stabbing suspect 'didn't like the way' victim looked at him
After the Strike - Tension and fear inside the Hunts Point Produce Market.
Manhattan Couple Ditch Apartment, Buy RV. Was It Worth It?
New VS Old EasyPay Card
A People’s Budget: Advancing Housing, Health, and Shared Wealth for All
I just moved to this great city a little over a week ago. Here's my favorite picture I've taken so far!
I wrote a thing that looks for and completes booking of vaccine appointments
Attacks on Asian-Americans in New York Stoke Fear, Anxiety and Anger
Carranza to step down
The “1” on 1 penn plaza can be read now.
Asian Woman Attacked With Pepper Spray In Manhattan
New York City from the Worldview-3 satellite at an extremely low angle
NYC DOE head Richard Carranza resigns as schools chancellor
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 26, 2021) (Vol. 89 / 35% indoor dining starts at NYC, some nursing home visitations resume across NYS today edition)
AOC rips NYPD’s new robotic dog
Afternoon shot from the Kosciuszko Bridge
Search on for suspect after man stabbed in back in Chinatown
When the independent agency investigating abuse by NYPD determined that an officer had held him in a banned chokehold and tased him 13 times, Tomás Medina thought he would get justice at last. Two years later, the officer patrols the same streets.
Peter Luger Is Filling Its Dining Room With Wax Figures
The vaccine is easier to get than contacting the NY State unemployment office.
Wildly jealous of this modern day Monica Geller who inherited this $1.3k, pre-war, rent-controlled, 2b NYC apartment.
Best Camping near Beach
In A 35-Page Plan, Scott Stringer Seeks To Undo De Blasio's Housing Policies
According to this infographic, Bronx county has the lowest quality of life in NY (based on number of self-reported poor mental and physical health days out of a month).
Ordering Chinese Takeout Then Tipping $5,000 to Struggling Restaurants
Great skies today
Ron Kim, A Self-Described "Nobody From Flushing," Seizes The Progressive Spotlight
An American Dream, Tarnished
GTAIV Loading Screen NYC Mayoral Race Edition!
Cuomo denies former aide's sexual harassment allegations
[Art] The Adventures of Deadass Spidaman
1,646-Foot-Tall Project Commodore Deemed Appropriate by LPC, at 175 Park Avenue in Midtown East, Manhattan
St. Patrick's Cathedral
The best pizza in NYC can’t be bought — here’s how to get it
NYC Mayoral Candidate Maya Wiley Believes Political Leaders Need to Broaden Their Imaginations to Better Serve the Public
Health care groups, lobbyists padded Cuomo campaign coffers amid COVID crisis, immunity push
Time lapse of N, W, and 7 trains running through Queensboro Plaza
Andrew Yang opposes raising taxes in confab with NYC business leaders: sources
Pizza-slinging con man of Lombardi’s fame opens NYC slice joint
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 25, 2021) (Vol. 88 / Middle schools reopen again in NYC today edition)
As of Feb 25, there are a few thousand Covid vaccine appointments available for the Javits Center in Manhattan next week
City Hall Blasts NYC Variant ‘Pathogen Porn' Report as Scientists Criticize Data Release
Getting a Vaccine
Biden revokes Trump order naming New York City an 'anarchist' city
Want to Be Mayor of New York? Better Know Your Wings and Dumplings
De Blasio’s new ‘Tale of Two Cities’: Manhattan has more COVID vaccine sites than other boroughs
Concerned about how the next mayor will spend your tax dollars? I watched the CBC mayoral budget forum so you don't have to!
NY Vaccination Rollout slowed down compared to nearby states
NYC climate technology entrepreneur raises $63M, says 'F**k National Grid's new pipeline'
Bronx,NYC literally the city that never sleeps..This 5 days out of the week.. they start at 11PM until 5-6AM on WEEKDAYS. When they walk it’s even worse, I’m convinced their slippers are made out of cement. Cops come to the house 3 times a week.. no fucks given. *** Listen to the video ***
North Park section of Freshkills Park in Staten Island to open in June (hopefully), 17 months after originally scheduled
'It doesn't feel worth it': Covid-19 and low pay is pushing New York's EMTs to the brink
A New Coronavirus Variant Is Spreading in New York, Researchers Report. The variant contains a mutation thought to help the virus dodge the immune system, scientists said.
Kawasaki R211 New York City subway cars being built in Nebraska
Just feeling the nostalgia when I saw this. One for the old heads
The Victims of the Eviction Moratorium: small POC working class landlords by Reason Magazine
A New Coronavirus Variant Is Spreading in New York, Researchers Report
Looking good on this clear night
Pearl River Mart Isn’t Closing After All
The Andrew Cuomo Show Has Lost the Plot
NYPD: Woman, 60, dragged in violent attempted robbery at Brooklyn subway station
VIDEO: Brooklyn hotel employee sucker-punched to floor in lobby
Morgan Ave Serial Assaulter Indicted; Faces Up To Life In Prison For Attacking 7 Women
Go get you sum 🌞
New York City said it would purge its DNA database. A year later, it’s expanded.
Former aide charges Cuomo kissed, sexually harassed her
NYPD releases photos of woman who punched boy, 2, in face on subway
NYU launching $10M Center for Psychedelic Medicine in Manhattan
Couldn’t resist capturing the Incredible fog that rolled through after the storm on 2/22
The NYPD Sent a Creepy Robotic Dog Into a Bronx Apartment Building
Gotta love this city
Sixth Avenue Elevated Railroad, 45th Street, NYC (1939) Photo by Wurts Brothers
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 24, 2021) (Vol. 87)
Painted the view from the roof of Columbia University in West Harlem
The Golden Hour in Midtown
Drew an abandoned bldg somewhere in midtown
New Yorkers should double mask until at least June, de Blasio says
The second special election of the year is now our first election where RCV will decide the winner
New York City should take over control of Subways from state, Andrew Yang says
Mudlarking NYC Alice Austen House Searching for Artifacts Coins Pottery ...
City Council Candidate Michael Hollingsworth Wants to Bring New York Back to the People
Sunset over the western horizon from Downtown Brooklyn.02/23/21.
Highest Grossing Music Artists from New York City
Belvedere Castle in Central Park yesterday
Queens GOP district leader arrested for role in Capitol riots
PSA: Jack’s discount store 40th between Madison and 5th is closing-50% whole store
Shot of Lower Manhattan after yesterday’s storm from across the river. (2/22/21)
Fine dining chef Eric Huang pivots to making fried chicken so good it has 6-week wait
Midtown skyline featuring 3 buildings that once held the title of world’s tallest
Retired NYPD Cop Once Assigned to Secure City Hall Accused of Pipe Attack on Capitol Police
Dash cam, person randomly jumps on hood of car. Near Barclay Center.
Cuomo's Approval Rating Plummets to 49%, Down From 66% in July -- Just 36% of New Yorkers thinks Cuomo deserves re-election
Biden infrastructure plan could fund new Brooklyn subway, Schumer says
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 23, 2021) (Vol. 86)
$1 billion in unpaid New York City rent due to coronavirus pandemic: Check your neighborhood here
NJ just legalized recreational marijuana
The View of Yesterday's Clouds from Jackson Heights, Queens.
Financial Times journalist looking to hear from people who recently bought/sold flat in NYC
NYC Restaurants and Residents Clash Over Some Sprawling Outdoor Dining Setups
DoorDash Driver Vaccine Information
NYC to Test No-Police Mental Health Crisis Response in Harlem
Return to office poll, part two
Cuomo announces plan to expand Penn Station
My beautiful city! I feel so privileged to have the chance of living here and be a part of its great culture. Thank you all for being you.
The calm after the storm.
The Beautiful people of New york
Today's sunset from downtown BK
AMC to reopen NYC theaters on March 5, CEO says
New York City's Only Magician-Endorsed Magic Shop
New Ferris Wheel Plan for Staten Island Moving Ahead
Gov. Cuomo nursing home scandal could merit criminal charges: prosecutor
Cuomo’s Approval Rating Erodes in Wake of New York Nursing Home Scandal - Morning Consult
WFH Changes and Metro North Fares
Movie theaters in New York City can open in March at 25% capacity
New York City Will Now Have a 'COVID Recovery Czar'
Help: just found persons passport, ss card, birth certificate on a bus
/r/NYC rules overhaul
A small piece of history is peeking out on Fulton St Mall in Brooklyn
Vaccine Scheduling Tip for Elderly Parent NYC
New York City is testing electric garbage trucks
Man with a Trump 2024 flag gets apprehended by security at the ice rink
Arturo Di Modica, Sculptor of the ‘Charging Bull’, Dies at 80
Supreme Court allows release of Trump tax returns to NY prosecutor
Ron Kim: It's time to impeach Andrew Cuomo
The New York Mayoral Race Has Become a Zoom Hell. Every tiny civic group wants its own debate — and no one watches.
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 22, 2021) (Vol. 85 / Nursing home visitations & 22 hour subway service restored edition)
Bronx NYPD cops shoot teen graffiti vandal after he opens fire on them
What an 1850s winter scene says about New York life
Cuomo Takes Steps Towards Cannabis Legalization As Economy Tumbles
MTA Leadership Declines To Fight Gov. Cuomo’s $145M Transit Raid
Lawrence Lewis Missing Since 2/19/21
Jazz at Lincoln Center Virtual Season starts tonight!
NY reaches lowest COVID-19 infection rate in 3 months
South Africa Covid variant detected in New York resident for the first time, Cuomo says - Beauty Body
Coney Island Skiing
Andrew Yang back on the Campaign Trail after having Covid-19 makes stop in Bay Ridge,Brooklyn
The Reservoir in Central Park earlier this afternoon
165th Street, Jamaica Queens
Where TF is the cancel button —
Some pictures truly capture a place in time, this is definitely one.
Please share! I hope she’ll be ok.
90,000 Packages Are Stolen in N.Y.C. Every Day. How One Building Fought Back.
Manhattan Beach, BK
Pigeon Guys Face Tough Times: ‘Who Has the Money? Who Has the Roof?’
New evidence in Malcolm X assassination points to possible conspiracy between FBI and NYPD
How the LIRR keeps tracks clear in icy/snowy weather
Example of NYC’s failure to equitably distribute vaccine supply. Also plain stupid- Hardest hit areas have become some of the most underserved. PSA- please refrain from and report unethical line-cutting.
The Sound and the Fury of Andrew Cuomo
I painted Cuomo as Moe from the Simpsons.
Bronx educator claims she was fired after sharing Holocaust story, refusing ‘Wakanda’ salute
Message to every NYer that orders food delivery
GOVERNOR CUOMO UPDATES NEW YORKERS ON STATE VACCINATION PROGRAM
Anyone born and raised in Manhattan? Tell me about your childhood/adolescence!
NYC cop car slams into concrete pillar in livery cab crash (Who's Fault?)
Can I take a moment and just praise StreetEasy (for NYC apartment rentals)
My mom cooks for the homeless every weekend
PSA: BROOKLYN RESIDENTS, Medar Evers college has 1500+ vaccine sites open.
Brooklyn's "last farmer": "Frank Albanese harvests last Italian dandelion crop from remnants of farm that once covered site of Sheepshead Bay-Nostrand houses shown in background. Concrete posts mark site of grandstand at old Sheepshead Bay Racetrack."
Football in the South Bronx (1977) Photo by Bernard Harmann
Playland at 1580 Broadway (1985)
NYC tax agency subpoenaed in Donald Trump property investigation
Need to decompress: skip town for the weekend or stay local? Need suggestions for family of 3 (w/9yo kid)
NYC shutting Central Park ice rinks to kids to freeze out Trump Organization
WOLLMAN RINK AND LASKER RINK SHUTDOWN
Chinatown Favorite Jing Fong Is Permanently Closing Its Iconic Dining Room
theres a vegan community fridge outside of overthrow boxing in noho
Dude who shoved the asian lady in queens, already released...
Cuomo’s Nursing Home Scandal Vindicates His Critics in the Press
Who is Ron Kim? Meet Andrew Cuomo’s Nursing Home Nemesis From Queens
Cuomo Tells Journalists There’s A Few More Deaths That Won’t Be Reported If They Keep Asking Questions
AOC calling for full investigation into Cuomo administration's handling of COVID-19 in nursing homes
NY Legislator Ron Kim Claims There’s Bipartisan Support for Starting the “Impeachment Process” Against Cuomo
#NYC restaurants will now be bumped up to 35% indoor capacity effective next Friday (2/26)
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 19, 2021) (Vol. 84)
Maya Wiley Is Backed by N.Y.C.’s Largest Union, Lifting Her Bid for Mayor
MTA Board approves toll hikes at bridges, tunnels, delays fare hikes on subway, bus, rails
Fun fact: Brooklyn was a top vegetable producing US county as late as 1880 (bested only by Queens) according to the (excellently-titled) monograph "Of Cabbages and Kings County"
N.Y.C. Staves Off Cuts to Public Transit, Despite Dire Warnings - Transit officials announced on Thursday that they will not slash bus or subway service through 2022
The high-tech Immersive Van Gogh show is finally coming to NYC
MTA plans to rescind pay raise promised to NYC Transit workers in contract inked in 2020
Rock Bottom for New York Real Estate Could Be a Long Way Off - Sales activity has soared, according to a new report, but unsold inventory, especially in the luxury tier, continues to push prices DOWN.
Friends in NYC, help me propose?
Brooklyn 2/15 - anyone else loving this amount of snow?
118-120 East 15th Street Originally Irving Place Theater, demolished in 1984 ca. 1977 Photo: Edmund Vincent Gillon
Super PACs Are Raising Millions to Sway the N.Y.C. Mayor’s Race
Amazon sues New York to claim immunity from state COVID-19 safety regulations
With rent prices down all over the city, these realtors still telling jokes.
Prospect Lefferts Gardens: Man beats Brooklyn bicyclist unconscious with baseball bat
NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio calls Israel 'a fundamentally progressive concept'
Had to deliver a package to Jamaica for work today, so I took the scenic route
Ex-Gotti Jr. prosecutor joins Manhattan DA’s Trump probe, has already interviewed Michael Cohen
City Council debates giving NYC DOE control over school safety
I call this one “The New Normal”
Longwood, BX home invaders barge into man’s apartment, walk out with bag of cash (2/13)
9 hurt, 2 kids in critical condition after gas explosion at apartment: Police
USPS being USPS today
This Activist Wants to Unseat NYC’s Only Republican In Congress
Save the Coney Island Creek - change the ill-conceived Coney Island Ferry dock location
New York Tax Revenue From Property Deals Jumps Most Since March
Double Up Coronavirus Masks, NYC: New Health Guidance "Using two masks is more effective at stopping the spread of the virus," Dave Chokshi, the city's health commissioner, told New Yorkers.
Japanese designer Kyoto Ohata made these shoes to walk in the park among the pigeons
De Blasio 'very concerned' over rise in suicides among NYC public school students
Full moon over the Brooklyn Bridge
A 'freer' de Blasio convenes labor leaders for private meeting on mayor’s race: De Blasio, a political operative by trade, also expressed a preference for Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams
Man apprehended after Asian woman shoved to ground in Queens: police
Testimony to MTA Board: Gov. Cuomo’s $145M Raid is a Backdoor Tax on MTA Riders
Celebrating the spirit of love with ‘Love Letters’ at Times Square, New York
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 18, 2021) (Vol. 83)
Need help finding this intersection
“That’s classic Andrew Cuomo. A lot of people in New York have received that phone call,” de Blasio says of Cuomo threatening Assemblyman Ron T. Kim. “The bullying is nothing new.”
10 Exceptional Pastrami Sandwiches in New York City
Thought y’all might like this
NY AG Gives $800K in settlement money to tackle deed theft, property scams in NYC
Brooklyn Restaurant Red Hook Tavern Server Alleges She Was Fired After Refusing to Immediately Get Vaccinated
Caught On Video: Would-Be Burglar Smashes Bronx Taco Bell Drive-Thru Window
Painted the view from my roof in Harlem at night
New York City waitress fired after not getting the Covid-19 vaccine
FBI, U.S. attorney in Brooklyn probing Cuomo administration on nursing homes
Indoor entertainment has been approved for children, but we also have to talk about indoor entertainment for adults
Century 21 Stores Announces The Legendary Brand Will Be Back
Spectacular New York City in 1940s in color and 60ps! awesome
Overpricing Property: A Mistake In Today's New York Real Estate Market
To dismantle white supremacy we must tax the rich
Yang takes hit for interview with ‘Islamophobe’ while skipping Muslim-sponsored forum
CNN: Andrew Cuomo Threatened To "Destroy" A Queens Lawmaker If He Didn't Help Coverup Of Nursing Homes Scandal
DOG MISSING IN BUSHWICK
Cuomo sets timeline for reopening indoor entertainment, amusement parks
Is This High-Speed Train the First Megaproject of the Biden Era?
Orchard beach yesterday...
Calvary Church - Then vs Now
Vote For A Fictional NYC Mayor In This Ranked-Choice Voting Practice Ballot - Gothamist
Penn Station
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 17, 2021) (Vol. 82)
Two Asian women attacked on NYC subways, cops say
New York sues Amazon over worker safety during pandemic
NYC public school asks parents to ‘reflect’ on their ‘whiteness’
St. Mark’s Place. The Gramaphone, record store (1971) Jeff Rothstein, photographer
Vaccine for 65 and older NO APPOINTMENT NEEDED
Cuomo offers delivery option in amended adult-use cannabis proposal
Bryant Park Ice Rink Marriage Proposal. A true NYC love story
Police Unions Lose Bid to Keep Disciplinary Records a Secret
7" of snow forecast for NYC this Thursday
Why is there so much litter on the street after snow melts?? Does everyone just toss their garbage on the ground when it snows?!
Hi, I'm Brandon West: budget specialist, racial justice organizer, & city council candidate for NYC's 39th District here to answer your questions from 3 - 5 PM—AMA!
NYCxDESIGN announces their inaugural Breakout Grant will provide up to $15,000 to support career-making projects.
Brick and mortar phantoms of another Manhattan
9 Indie Brooklyn Bookstores to Visit Today
NYC CEO/mom joins with NBA players to open 1 million savings account for kids of color through her banking app (which just raised $3.9M of seed funding)
Hudson Yards
Free writing help for NYC middle schoolers!
Charge against Amy Cooper dropped after completing racial bias education program
Shareable instructions for signing up for a COVID-19 vaccine in New York
Another photo from 80's NYC visit. Included dinner at Sammy's Romanian & blackout drunk at CBGB.
Coronavirus Update New York City: 92% of NYC restaurants could not afford December rent, survey reveals
Revel Launches Personal E-Bike Program @ $99/mo
Voters still approve Cuomo's handling of the pandemic, but do not approve of his vaccine rollout, his plans to re-open the state, and his handling of nursing homes
This Open Culture video from the mayor is unintentionally hilarious 😂
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 16, 2021) (Vol. 81)
MTA worker caught having sex at railyard — while collecting overtime
Why Is Eric Adams Getting Snubbed by the Black Political Establishment?
Alternate Side Parking
Help Green-Wood Cemetery identify WW2 Veterans
Biggest snowman in Brooklyn 🤩🤩⛄️⛄️❄️
Luxury real estate boom in NYC: Manhattan sees its busiest week for sales of high-end homes in five years with 38 properties asking more $4million going into contract
God, we are resourceful
Cuomo Accepts Some Blame in Nursing Home Scandal but Denies Cover-Up
Local restaurants to support
NYC Ranked Choice Voting Strategy Discussion.
The New Yorker runs a paean of sorts to living in the Garment District
3 Detectives Obtained a False Murder Confession. Was It One of Dozens?
Prosecutors Say Subway Stabbing Spree Suspect Rigoberto Lopez Confesses, Ordered Held Without Bail
Canada Goose pretty much everywhere in the city these days
Cuomo & the NY legislature
MTA Overnight Closures Now Reduced to 2AM-4AM
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 15, 2021) (Vol. 80 / President’s Day edition)
WATCH LIVE: Gov. Cuomo updates New Yorkers on COVID-19 pandemic
NYC about 1988 visiting a friend. The gal in the pic is the 1st transvestite I ever met. Sandy was her name & location is near Little Italy. Not me with Sandy!
Precious Time Is Running Out To Change Your Political Party Registration To Vote In June's All-Important Primary
Can I share a very NYC photo of my grandpa too? Taken in the early 70's maybe?
I researched and made this visualization of where my money goes and where NYC, NY, USA governments spend it.
Roadrunner unavailable for comment
Some New York City Hot Dog Vendors Pay More Than $200,000 for Permits
MTA calls for 1,000 more NYPD cops in subways after stabbings
My grandpa, dad, and aunt in the Bronx, probably in the '40's
Hawk spotted outside my window
Andrew Yang's campaign is being run by the same people that advised Uber on Prop 22
Is Andrew Yang Really at the Front of the Pack?
Conundrum with kid
Gov Andrew Cuomo | N.Y. bars, restaurants can now stay open until 11 p.m
Respect the hustle.
United States Settles Fair Housing Act Lawsuits Against Affordable Housing Developer For Failure To Construct Apartments With Features Accessible To Persons With Disabilities
After leaving the subway train, a young New York couple stops to look through some records at Downstairs Records, a shop at the Times Square station, on Feb. 13, 1962. Photo- Ruben Goldberg
Yang Reaches NYC Matching Funds Threshold In Less Than A Month
New York Celebs Lend Their Voices to MTA Announcements
Hi NYCers, if you can, please help support local Asian businesses!
Another day in Brooklyn
Thank god the old landlord didn’t want to negotiate. Here’s the view from my new (much cheaper) apartment’s living room
Just below Highland Park in Ridgewood is a beautiful cluster of cemeteries worth visiting on a sunny day
MTA overtime kings are looking more and more like mobsters
GOP Mayoral Candidate Fernando Mateo Vows to Protect Small and POC Landlords in NYC Who Are Being Taken Advantage by Cheating Renters
"A-Train Ripper" busted: perp who last night stabbed 4 homeless people, killing 2, has been arrested
Trash and Vaudeville in 1984. Photo: David Vega
NYC cop busted for being drunk on the job
Why SoHo Struggles and Indie Shops in Brooklyn Are Doing Fine
New York Prosecutors investigating financial dealings of Trump's Manhattan properties: report
Celebrating Lunar New Year At Chinatown's Largest Restaurant Then And Now | New Normal
The shitpost continues...[dining outside]
NYPD Investigation Possible Connection Between Pair Of Deadly ‘A’ Train Stabbings
We Feed NYC Virtual Fundraiser
Free fishing this weekend
127 Second Avenue, NYC. Interior view of B&H Dairy. Counter eaters and lone woman at a table (1968) Tony Marciante, photographer
Happy chinese new year everyone!
Cops Charge and Mass Arrest BLM Protesters in NYC
No thanks, I'll just take the bus
Cuomo faces calls to resign amid allegations of hiding nursing home Covid deaths | Andrew Cuomo
Chrysler building, me, pen and ink
NYC getting Tesla taxis?
PSA: NYC Taxes are NOT withheld from Unemployment.(even if you've opted to have taxes withheld each week) Be prepared to pay 3.078%-3.867% of your UI earnings as taxes.
Advocates for homeless people sue the New York subway system over pandemic rules
no thanks I’ll just take the bus
Cuomo Moves Indoor Dining Curfew to 11 PM; NYC Warns ‘Proceed With Caution’ on Reopening
Some New York Democrats Break with Cuomo as 14 State Senators Call to Strip Him of Emergency Powers
Happy Chinese New Year! 🌙 2021 is year of the Ox
Uber launches new feature allowing New Yorkers to have packages delivered to friends and family
Secretary to the Governor Melissa DeRosa admits to hiding senior home deaths to avoid prosecution
Dylans Candy Bars Upper East Side Flagship Slated To Close
2 MTA workers engaged after finding love on the 7 train
A quiet nighttime walk in central park after the storm
Sylvan terrace and the Morris Jumel mansion
Large-Scale NYC Drug Bust Nets 86 Lbs. of Heroin, 1K Fentanyl Pills and $200K - NY
Big Item Pickup + Snowpocolypse
New York secures $50B in funding from Biden’s $1.9T COVID relief package
Cuomo pushes $145M raid on funds dedicated to cash-strapped MTA
Central Park this past Sunday
Cuomo aide admits they hid nursing home data so feds wouldn’t find out
Health Stories of NYC - Cancer, HIV, COVID Pandemic - #NYCVisDoc - Ch. 8: The Realer it Gets - pt. 6
Do yourself a favor and take a helicopter tour some day
Indoor dining returns Friday
What You Need to Know About the Borough President Races
New York’s MTA to Increase Tolls at Bridges, Tunnels by 7%
Save the Art Deco Lobby of the McGraw-Hill Building!
Snowy day in Central Park
AP: Over 9,000 virus patients sent into NY nursing homes
Once the Gowanus Canal Is Rid of ‘Black Mayonnaise,’ Who Will Benefit?
Candidate Andrew Yang Names District Leader David Schwartz As Jewish Community Outreach Director
Riverside Park this past weekend
This morning in Greenwich village as it snows (Jefferson Market Library)
PATH station on Christopher Street
Want To Make Money? Build A Business On A Bike Lane
Activists across New York to demand Cuomo tax the rich
Recommendations for long term pet (dog) boarding
Eric Garner’s Mother Endorses Raymond McGuire for Mayor
Largest NYS Mass Vax Sites to Date Coming to Brooklyn, Queens to Reach Most Vulnerable
News 4 Reporter Katherine Creag Passes Away Suddenly
Deadline to Change Party Enrollment Is Tomorrow
Uptown Harlem NYC
MTA says subway shove-preventing platform doors are too expensive
Manhattan and Brooklyn renters sign leases in record numbers
Queensboro Bridge architectural detail showing the fiv...four boroughs of NYC
Central Park, New York City, 1973
Another manhole/maintenance hole explosion in Astoria 🤯 Stay safe, everyone!
I love this angel statue
MTA ignores state mandate to compare examine NYC's sky-high transit costs
Jones Beach's longest-serving lifeguard dies at 93
Coyote spotted in Central Park!
NYC Anti-Eviction Forms Slow To Roll In, Stirring Unease (Law360)
Andrew Yang Leading NYC Mayoral Race After Flipping Off Residents And Telling Them To Suck His Dick
What mayoral candidate are you leaning towards out of curiosity?
This is going to be an interesting Mayoral election year. ( source - https://pulseoftheprimary.com/pulse-of-the-primary-poll-1-feb-10-2021 )
NYC Community Orgs Launch "Right To A Roof" Campaign
NYT article: A Beloved Stray Cat Was Fatally Mauled. But Was It Intentional Cruelty?
THE STRINGER PLAN: Buses, Buses, Buses — And Pedestrianized Zones, Bike Highways and Far Fewer Placards
Cuomo: Large stadiums, arenas in NY can reopen to fans: Live sports, music, shows can return
Cuomo still the main obstacle to marijuana legalization.
NYC’s Small Landlords of Color Among Those Battling for Survival Amid Rent Moratorium
Numeraire (NMR) is now available on Coinbase to Residents of New York
Scott Stringer: He’s running for New York mayor as a real estate foe. Why do some developers support him?
Live New York City Driving Around Wednesday February 10-2021
💉How to get a Covid-19 vaccine appointment in NYC💉
NYSE chief warns it may exit New York if stock transfer tax is imposed
The Upper Crust Has Its Candidate. Don’t Call Him ‘the Black Bloomberg.’
If you believe in guaranteed housing for all, defunding the NYPD, and reinvestment in a Green economy, Check out Dianne Morales for Mayor!
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 10, 2021) (Vol. 79)
'People should be alarmed': air pollution in US subway systems stuns researchers Riders in major cities, especially New York, encounter particle quantities well above safe levels
New York City to open middle schools for face-to-face instruction
Yang holds commanding lead in mayor’s race: new poll
NY1: Debunking the Myths About the COVID-19 Vaccines
laserface street performer 2004
Mail Pneumonic Tube System
I made a short video of Coney Island in the snow, thought you guys would enjoy
How to see what any Building in NYC looked like in 1940/1980 [GUIDE]
If you went to All in 1 Petshop in BK and bought a goldfish named Normy about 3 months ago, he's mine :( I would really like to be reunited with my fish. Thanks NY..
Negotiate that lease!
POP UP VACCINATION SITE IN QUEENS
Underground explosion in Astoria
N.Y.’s Vaccine Websites Weren’t Working. He Built a New One for $50. New Yorkers with tech skills were appalled when they tried to make vaccine appointments for older relatives. They knew there was a better way.
Recruiting Participants (NY Metro Area)! Functional Brain Mechanisms Underlying the Anti-suicidal Effects of Buprenorphine in Opioid Use Disorder
NYC Walking Tour Winter Snowstorm 02 07 2021
Top of the Verrazano, Staten Island tower.
Currently eligible for the vaccine, but having trouble finding appointments? Check out this resource.
Can The Next Mayor Turn Around NYC's Affordable Housing Crisis?
'A Tale of Two Developments: Affordable Housing or Subsidized Ultra-Luxury?:' The impending collapse of the grotesque Hudson Yards development in Manhattan could be an opportunity for affordable housing.
Dear Kind Stranger - Thank you for returning my misdelivered package!!! (and F you FEDEX)
NYPD cop Valerie Cincinelli charged in murder-for-hire plot to take plea deal
Central Park on Sunday ❄️
UWS
This was my homework last week. We were given a handful of buildings and I just went straight looking for the one in NYC. This is a sketch of the Federal Hall National Memorial, NYC. (no ruler HW).
Central Park Safari
Paperboy Prince’s Platform: Cancel Rent, Abolish the Police, Legalize Psychedelics
They left the city for rural Pennsylvania.
Over 1 million vaccine doses administered in NYC to date!
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 9, 2021) (Vol. 78)
Vaccine scheduling: Fail
This Friday is the deadline for changing your party enrollment for the mayoral primary on June 22. If you want to vote in the Democratic or Republican primary for mayor at that time, you need to be registered under that party.
Ripping out 100 year old brownstones on 86th and York, 2018.
Seagull storm in Coney Island
Exploring the MASSIVE newly-reopened mezzanine space at Nostrand Avenue Station
DOE Announces at least half of the Middle Schools will open Feb 25th
Pier 16
Chinatown
Some nice news for NYC - Cuomo announces NY Pops UP - socially distanced live pop up events around the city
I liklve new freshkilla park (SI) and I'm so worried about health concerns.
Understanding how composting, food waste, and food loss is taught in schools today
Brooklyn residents opposed to luxury build discover developer's plans are unlawful, lodge complaint to stall build
An ode to construction workers on a 57th Street Art Deco tower
National Grid's unionized gas, power plant workers on LI vote to authorize strike
Pigeons sheltering together in the snow yesterday - Carl Schurz Park, UES
MTA Deletes Tweet Explaining Why Subway Station Benches Were Removed
A scenic view of the seagulls in Coney Island.
Dianne Morales, Mayoral Candidate, live AMA 1pm-2pm at r/newyorkcity
Jewelers Bench in decent conditions. E 28 St, between Madison Ave and Fifth Ave, Manhattan. Photo taken 2.8.21 @ 1pm
Howdy r/NYC! Over in r/NewYorkCity, we've started a series of AMAs of 2021 Mayoral and City Council candidates. Our first one is going on right now with an AMA by Mayoral Candidate Dianne Morales! Check it out!
Indoor Dining at 25% Starting on Friday 2/12/2021 now.
Trolling the locals
Navy cancels in-person events for Fleet Week NY, opts for virtual celebration for 2nd straight year
New N.Y.C. Transportation Boss Has Big Agenda but Little Experience | Hank Gutman, a retired lawyer, will lead the city’s efforts to build more bus and bike lanes and move away from car-clogged streets
Free SAT prep by course prep developer, Tribeca NYC
Callback letter from NY unemployed
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 8, 2021) (Vol. 77)
The snowing is falling so beautifully on the trees
E. 86th St. and 3rd Ave., NYC, Jan. 1985 Photo by Gary Lenhart
Near the MET
Today’s snow was nice
Snowy Sunday in Central Park
It’s the little things that make nyc great #nolita
A shot I took this afternoon, from every New Yorkers’ favorite spot
Only in NYC
NYPD Disciplines Officer Seen Wearing Pro-Trump Patches While On Duty
NY Daily News at it again
This dude is ready!
NYCers living in extreme isolation interested in talking to a journalist
A walk to John Cage's Apartment - NYC 1980s Street Audio
im probably going to get downvoted to help for this
Landlords in New York suffering from lack of rent payments amid pandemic
What Does NYC Do When There's No Place Left to Put the Snow? Meet the Melters
Ruff weather today, dress appropriately!
Reimagining Rikers Island Is a Defining Moment for New York City
Someone’s enjoying the snow
Coney Island today
Pratt Institute campus cat - Clinton Hill, BK
Brooklyn waterfront, 18 years apart
I don’t know what this sign means, but it’s in the neighborhood and I will try my best #brooklyn
‘Nobody Tells Daddy No’: A Housing Boss’s Many Abuse Cases
Central Park lake is frozen now.
NYC Transit Sparks Backlash for Admitting They Removed Benches 'to Prevent the Homeless From Sleeping on Them'
If New York was in a manga
Bad tasting water
Lou Reed in Greenwich Village, 1982. Photograph: Waring Abbott/Getty Images
What New York Could Look Like in 2020 (article from 2015)
Barack in NYC
A homeless guy took a swing at me at union Square today
The Noise Upstairs Is Unbearable. How Do I Stop It?
NYC mayoral candidate Eric Adams accepted foreign travel to Turkey, China, Azerbaijan
PSA - Please Clean Up After Your Pets
NYC’s Burmese community speaks out against military coup in Myanmar
On the Picket Line at Hunts Point
They Supported ‘Defund the Police.’ Then the Mayoral Campaign Began. Most of the leading mayoral candidates have been wary of embracing the “defund the police” movement, which has lost some mainstream political momentum.
New York 1940's in color, Time square (60fps) Awesome!!!
Isaac Wright Jr. the HBO 'For Life' star who used another inmates case to change NJ law, then used the outcome to overturn his own life sentence, is running for mayor
Looking to hire a home health aide for my father... advice appreciated.
Missing AirPods in Carl Schurz Park
Benches were removed from stations to prevent the homeless from sleeping on them.
Someone's having a party in Harlem...
There’s Going to Be a Beach in the Meatpacking District
NYC's first park with a parkour course opens, + it also has a self-competitive basketball course for people with physical and mental disabilities
How the Pandemic Left the $25 Billion Hudson Yards Eerily Deserted: The largest private development in U.S. history has attracted marquee companies, but is struggling with unsold luxury condos and a mall barren of shoppers.
SATURDAY BEC ROLL CALL
Worst NYC Apartment? / $1650 Rent
Can anyone explain what does paid for polls mean?
I’ve heard of DJs grabbing power from a streetlight, but here’s an enterprising cook. Chinatown
Hello New Yorkers! I’m requesting someone’s help on getting me a pair of NYTs and send them to me in Mexico!(I’ll pay)
The European Space Agency (insta: @esa_earth) captured the aftermath of the recent storm from orbit.
Man slashed across face in subway dispute speaks out, mayor denies crime problem
The young bakery manager striving to keep Manhattan’s Chinatown afloat during Covid-19 crisis
A Blimpie location at 7th Avenue & 30th Street, NYC (1978). As you can see on the sign it says, “Take a Blimpie to the Garden", obviously because Madison Square Garden is just a block away. Photo by Richard Becker.
Full list of health conditions now approved to get a vaccine in NYS. Diabetes 1+2, Obesity (BMI 30+), Cancer, Pregnancy, more
LOAD UP!!!!!! 432 Park Ave Revealed To Be A Horrifying Hellhole
NYC under winter storm watch, potentially 5"-7" of snow on Sunday
New York's Enormous Transit System: Rail as a Backbone
Warning - don't stand near the OMNY devices with your phone out. It'll charge you again without asking for approval.
Seeking Participants for a Research Study (Fordham University)
Comparable Graphs of Covid Cases and Percent Positive by NYC Zip Code
[Cuomo]NEW: Next week we will expand vaccine eligibility to New Yorkers with comorbidities. Full list will be released shortly — qualifying New Yorkers will be eligible starting February 15th.
NY Times: Attacker Stalked Women in Brooklyn for Weeks as Police Stayed Silent
Mobsters son busted in LIRR overtime scam
Greywacke Arch, Central Park, New York
Man Arrested In Connection To Brutal Attack Outside Harlem Liquor Store
Guardian Angel harasses, kicks state congressional candidate in the subway, fight ensues.
The Indoor-Dining Debate Isn’t a Debate at All
MTA Reopens Nostrand Avenue(A/C) Subway Entrances Shuttered for 30 Years
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 5, 2021) (Vol. 76)
Over 900,000 vaccine doses administered in NYC to date
If you're missing your GS Cookie fix this year, consider buying from Troop 6000, designed to serve girls in the NYC shelter system!
The Worst Slush Puddle In NYC: Help Patch Find It | New York City, NY Patch
Help Mice terrorizing me in my apartment
Residents at 432 Park are now Required to Spend $15K a Year at their Private Restaurant
Interesting Article on the Mayoral Race
Covid closes Animal Care and Control shelter.
Ricky Powell Was the Eyes of New York City
NYC Roaches
Hey, I'm melting here! I'm melting here!
New York Sports Club just charged me again a ~year after cancelling my membership
West Village Apartment Called 'Worst In NYC' by realtor in TikTok gone viral
A reminder that it's never worth asking someone to turn down their music
New Mayoral Race Sub" /r/NYCMayoralRace
Thousands of new vaccine appointment slots available for eligible Bronx residents
NYC Covid cases declining
USA's largest universal electric vehicle charging depot to be built in Brooklyn
1,646-Foot Tall Project Commodore Fully Unveiled, At 175 Park Avenue In Midtown East, Manhattan
Bronx High School Senior Speaking Outside City Hall: ‘I feel like they gave up on us’
King Nyani bronze sculpture by Gillie and Marc Schattner in the Hudson Yards
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 4, 2021) (Vol. 75)
New monolith art exhibit added in New York. Does it include Utah?
Twitter vaccine notifications
DSNY snow laborer job registration now open
Where NYC Snow Goes To Die
Christopher Street Triangle, Home To Village Cigars, To Be Sold
DeBlasio rental home assessed value decreased by 100k while his next door neighbors went up 300k.
Bronx District Attorney dismisses charges against man arrested for groping EMT-releases video showing the accused in midst of seizure
Winter wonderland in the Bronx
De Blasio Appoints Hank Gutman to lead the NYC DOT
De Blasio's affordable housing legacy explained in 9 graphics
The Shocking Meltdown of Ample Hills — Brooklyn’s Hottest Ice Cream Company
This guy was riding a bike on the Brooklyn Bridge during the blizzard on Monday - waves to me as he goes by!
Ton of vaccine appts available for Yankee Stadium vaccination site (opens Friday)
TIL in 1940 the WPA and NYC Tax Department took a picture of nearly every building in the five boroughs of NYC, these were digitized by the NYC Municipal Archives in 2018, collated, and geo-tagged to create a comprehensive streetview of 1940s NYC.
New York Winter Snowstorm February 3❄ 2021
Updated New York-White Plains-Wayne Unemployment Figures | released February 03, 2021
Was Walking to Work Today and Caught A Glare off This Diamond Handed Sculpture--------------------------------------------------------Just an ape looking for a ride to the moon and beyond.
Ham n Egg, corner of 51st St & Broadway, 1950s NYC
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 3, 2021) (Vol. 74)
1 train snaking its way in to the Van Cortlandt Park Station
The Nightmare Apartment Share in the West Village
NYTimes: The Down Side to Life in a Supertall Tower: Leaks, Creaks, Breaks
James F. Gennaro Set to Win Special Election for City Council in 24th District
City Council District 24 Special Election Results
Please enjoy this snow-squirrel we made today in Central Park
Find COVID-19 vaccine appointments in NYC - nycvaccinelist.com
NYC getting after it @ WSP
Reason 97 to hate Blasio
Can we give it up for NY's most hardcore?
Remember those nets that the MTA put under some elevated tracks after shit kept falling off them? Here's what they look like right now.
NYC snowstorm time-lapse over 48 hours [1:00]
Advice on where to sleep during snowstorm
The colonial city’s most romantic ‘kissing bridge’
My neighborhood (Sunnyside) keeping it real
On the 7 train through the snowstorm
Cuomo expands vaccine eligibility in New York to include restaurant workers.
Supporting Struggling Chinatown
Upset at Broken Bodega Lotto Machine, Man Pummels Clerk with ‘Wet Floor’ Sign on Canal Street
How New York Quietly Ended Its Street Drug War
Thousands sign petition to save Brooklyn supermarket from eviction
NYC covered in snow
NYC mayoral candidate Andrew Yang tests positive for coronavirus
Snow shovelling assistance offered by the city to older or disabled homeowners
A First Look at the 1,600-Foot Tower Replacing the Grand Hyatt
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 2, 2021) (Vol. 73 / Groundhog’s Day / aftermath of “Winter Storm Orlena” edition)
These NYC Dogs Are Lovin' This Blizzard
Who Polices the Police? A Historic Lawsuit Seeks an Answer
This guy shoveling a crosswalk on 5th shirtless... I love NYC lol
Far Rockaway Nor’easter Action, ohhhh boy!
Nor'easter storm timelapse Jan 31st - Feb 1st
Anyone have a Metal Detector in Brooklyn? My phone fell out of my pocket at the park.
New York Winter Snowstorm Cars Cannot Leave The GAS Station 2021
Sparks from third rail insulator, G train
Finally enough snow in NYC to sculpt something.
Central Park recorded over 18 inches of snow, making this one of NYC’s top 10 recorded snowstorms of all time.
MTA workers, 60-year-old ‘Redbird’ trains come to rescue for NYC subway riders during blizzard
Gov. Cuomo Draws Heat for Calling the Push to Vaccinate Restaurant Workers ‘A Cheap, Insincere Discussion’
I mocked up a new design for the flag of NYC. Blue and orange to match the historical colors of the city The stars represent the five boroughs. The crown symbolizes the Statue of Liberty. What do you think?
New York City Council Proposes Sweeping NYPD Reforms
It took this guy an hour to drive out of this unplowed parking lot. Hope he was going somewhere important.
Rathbones announced that its closing after 49 years in business due to the pandemic
1,100 Open Prostitution Cases In Brooklyn To Be Wiped
NYC Street Vendors Get Overdue Relief With New Permits Bill
City Council hopeful makes a pedestrianized Broadway central to her pitch to voters. The next cycle will be a crucial turning point for livable streets, or a calcification of the status quo
⚠️ SERVICE CHANGES: Outdoor Subway Service Suspended at 2pm - PATH, LIRR & Metro North to suspend service this afternoon!
Subway / MTA Winter Storm Info & Likely Changes ❄️
CP pond
If you're in need of GS cookies and don't know where to go, Troop 6000 would like to assist with your order.
If you don’t work from home, did you go to work today?
Express lift to the back bowls now running
“Daily Summary Thread” for Mayor Bill de Blasio and/or Governor Andrew Cuomo press conferences (February 1, 2021) (Vol. 72)
