I know this sort of thing has happened to me at least once before, but long before everyone carried a camera with them everywhere.
Lavender field right next to a wheat field
I thought I could not make it! Watch til the end and hear that oddly satisfying sound, too.
My kid’s new sidewalk chalk
Three months of work/fun finally complete.
Creating a Lego meal with stop motion
This flight over Lofoten, Norway
Robot with Wobbly Wheels
The transition to Night Light mode on a Chromebook
This is oddly satisfying knowing a year ago when running out of TP meant the end of the world compared to the fine pieces of scum that hoarded all TP in the early days.
Sculpture Installation by Anthony James.
Tonight's Fillup
Really liked the way way the "flower" looked
Perfectly formed cake sharing day? Don't mind if I do. Sour cream cake with streusel.
What a work of art
15 seconds of stepping on ice
Fixing up a secondhand playhouse and I’ve newly discovered the satisfaction from power washing
The way the snow froze on this roof
Slow Mo Flames [OC]
Squeezing citrus!
A time-lapse of my new lava lamp
The snow on this porch swing in Denver today
Finding beauty in simplicity
Running out of fingers
not really that interesting, but seeing this was for some reason satisfactory
Red Flatworm swimming in the ocean.
Mouse trap in slow-mo
The curves on these Amish rocking chairs
Process video of this Spaceman I drew today using the Procreate app. Thanks for looking!
Joining the satisfying cake club, Lemon cake looking like a fish finger
How this art I made in a game looks so perfect.
The way the logo gets colored in
The minimalist Home Screen
When this happens (please tell me if this is the wrong sub, this is my first post)
Giant ferns in mexico from the holiday I went on years ago
How can something so simple be so satisfying?
Louise Numina Napananka - Aboriginal artist
My mom and I work at cleaning apartments in Toronto
This is cool art!
Automatic train coupling
Making a bamboo umbrella
Mmm Stump grinder
As Adverts Go I Find This Oddly Satisfying
Me playing pictionary and my dad says cat in shoes when Im drawing puss in boots. But I made this image and found it satisfying
Survival Snow Globe in The End (Shaders @ End of Video)
Rainbow carrots for my weekly meal prep.
Eggs after being washed
My contact lens solution has a tendency to form spheres when poured
Waking up to my beautiful view by the lake district :)
The last puzzle piece placed in an 1,000 piece cosmo puzzle (OC)
I saw we are posting perfectly formed cakes. I made this one for my daughter recently. Couldn’t believe how good it came out of the pan.
The way it folds over is absolutely amazing
3/14 1:59:26 (3.1315926)
Cones put next to each other
This wave crashing
Probably nothing special but today is the first time I noticed this!
Time-lapse of a barn being cladded (not by any professionals, i just love seeing things get build in quick time)
Made my first lemon meringue pie for Pi Day!
Shiny red flatworm swimming
Vantablack Paint Job on BMW X6
The way this (initially square) piece of swiss cheese melted
Piece by James Lewis
It's my birthday today, so I got a square pie because pie are squared!
The way this omelette is rolled up
Sorry for the low quality. Snagged this pic from a trip to Lowes.
Yoda on an Etch A Sketch! (OC)
Excuse my pandemic slippers, but I flipped my mini rice cooker into a bowl, and it came out a satisfying rice circle of joy
Freshly applied marking
This oversized crisp/chip
The sounds that shaving my head makes soothes my soul.
With physics, satisfaction guaranteed
I went for a hike yesterday and found cleaning these pine needles satisfying
Northern lights are putting on a show..
Anything colorized
Chia Pet broke, but the roots stayed intact
When you don’t have to move furniture to vacuum.
Philips Arena, 7 Events in 8 days.
3D motion graphics
When I realised this house I saw on r/mildlyinfuriating earlier today is the same house as this post on r/oldphotosinreallife
The way the flames move. Awsome.
The way this ball stays above a shredder
The shine is just *chefs kiss*.
I enjoy painting, but honestly the tape peel is my favorite part!
I got this trippy cube that mixes 3 colours into a rainbow! No idea how it works
Butterfly painting with a pull chain
If Rabbits Built Robots
Burning our brush was oddly satisfying.
This oversized load under a bridge in Australia
The way my cats’ tail waves
I'm worse at glazing, but this still satisfies me.
The way the drizzle froze to the chicken wire. Credit to u/Serpent86
I love the snacks!
Handmade raspberry from baking polymerclay
Polyphonic Fingerdance
This piece of peanut butter I spooned into an apply perfectly lines up with the apple.
Carvings at Khajuraho Group of Temples in India
For some reason I'd always wanted to do this
This suspended bubble in my germ-X
Making of edible radio
A perfect avalanche in the mountains of Nepal near Kapuchea glacier lake (No casualties).
Removing my old cracked screen protector
The 1:59 to 3:00 felt weird
I tried to organize my colored pencils. Did I do good?
The way this wrapping paper lines up almost perfectly
The way this shadow lines with the wood...
Dam gate collapsed at Lake Dunlap recorded in CCTV
Grass turned into pitch black portal
My cake I just popped out of the cake tin did not break at all. Feels good!
This Stairwell flow with no railing
This big bunch of cilantro being cut up
Smooth Basketball Play
Water flowing under the sidewalk ice.
The milk section freshly restocked. (OC)
Not a shadow but brothers, Leopard and Panther
Primer spray days
Perfect lotion squirt!
Spice Jar Organization
Spice Organization
I colored this folding table with paint markers.
White chocolate rabbits
Children skilled at soccer! Headers and that final goal! #satisfying
Other one for pyromaniacs
The pace they go!
How I Just Caught my Email
This wasp’s nest that was right outside my front door. It was beautiful, but terrifying
That stretch.. so satisfying
How Tony gets off his board
This orange from my grandfather’s tree.
Pulling the film off the new TV
Watch Glass Jars & Bottles of Stuff Smash in Slow Motion
Dissolvable packing materials
How these two posts line up
Olive oil heating up in a pot.
The sand at blackpool beach in the winter
A piece of wood with amazing grain
Painting with stencils
Taste the rainbow
Survival Mob Museum - Exhibit 1: The Red Fox
The way the shadows move
When it hits the ground
they way the cubes are made
Walking on thin ice.
Tree -Frog , painting
building a lego tank
Icicle came off my fence post real nice (kicked for your pleasure)
Let’s Play Basketball Mate!
Wasp Nest Go Crunch
Stump Grinding - Credit to @drstumpgrinding on TikTok
This "L" I came across on campus
Italy rural area view
Slow and steady pen spinning
These small pine cones
The way the bristles on my brush go in and out
That crunch tho...
Love making those
On the occasion of my sister-in-law's birthday I prepared fruit tarts I admit to being satisfied with the result
A wisteria covered waterslide in China
perfectly placed also games name is "balls?" with the question mark
The clicking while making lace
I am not too sure what's better: making Rigatoni or cleaning up.
Give whoever installed those pipes an award.
Perfectly smooth top layer of yoghurt
Croissants ready to bake
Finishing this puzzle
Hand carving a floral pattern into wood
The new bitcoin all time high in euro
The way my 2 year old lined up these oranges
The way my morning coffee settled.
Ring out a sponge
Oddly satisfying video I took of me not wasting skin care product
Peeling up a the dried paint from my plate I use as a palette
Berries. Lotsa berries.
Perfect watertight seal
Weird sound but still satisfying
Snuff box fits perfectly!
Cup noodle being assembled
How the steam of this coffee moves
Golf Ball hitting off of an Exercise Ball
Street Painting Time Lapse
Pushing clay through Spoon holes
Zooming in on pencil is always interesting to see, isn’t it
The Mandalorian A134 [Art]
Camera Stabilizer..
Sabering a bottle with a butter knife
Sleepy boy sleeping
Cultural Ocean (audio by Time Loop Anomaly)
Seal coating the driveway
Getting the 6144 in Threes
How this box at my work opens without cutting it
This Unique Light
These octopus kites are absolutely incredible
Watching fire dance early in the morning.
Slow motion poached egg [OC]
Dad shaping this sourdough loaf
This warehouse cleanup
Sertraline opened right side up twice in a row! Anxiety -100
The most satisfying part of whiteboard drawing
Skin Care Product swirls
The way the handle disintegrated
The way the roots grow in my bean germination time lapse :)
Pulling protective tape cleanly off a metal bar
This perfectly round and smooth cake my girlfriend made :)
Satisfying Sea of Color
These potted plants.
Ping pong balls trick shot
Some immaculate lawn care.
The moisture coming out of some of these bigger branches. Did it with most of the bigger ones
Pretty neat watching his technique
The way he landed was so smooth
The way it all perfectly slides
my heart is singing
Some fake tile my friend made to cover plumbing on the kitchen counter.
Bezos lip sync action
The way this waffle fit on my child’s plate.
Log in a fire OC
Making some honey
The perfection in his work! Ah! The expertise!
"Midnight Pond" a scene from my personal animation series, "Rainy Days".
How this rubber band crawls down a driver shaft
The way these seed packets got packed into a box
The way these trees sway in the wind
May just be my northern blood but this is more satisfying than crunchy leaves
This pice of ice froze into the shape of my patio
How this water folds over itself
Ice & Flowing Water
The way this tree fits in this window. Credit to u/Reallynoreallyno
This guys cooking and the beat he makes
This door of a Fridge 3D model i made, interlocking while opening
The way this owls face changes
Disappearing cracker
When an omelet doesn't end up as scrambled eggs
Anyone else completely relax when in a Car Wash.
Putting the finishing details on a Labrador
For those that re-use these bottles. Made this bottle cleaner rig real quick like. Twisted some wire in the vice with a drill and hook. Then twisted the end around a section of sponge, then clamped that in the drill. Super-ninja bottle cleaner.
The perfect mandarin
The way my coffee layered all by itself in its making
Before and after of a hoarders house we cleaned out. Ready to renovate !
When you finish all your homework at the beginning of the week <3
Theses women dancing the Scottish Sword Dance.
The way this leaf melted the snow
This concrete placing remote control robot.
Zoetropes. The hammer flip is pretty satisfying, too
This gif from Mulan
The way this floor is covered!
I see your squashy beluga whale's head and raise you the waddle. Apparently, this is called the Mellon.
When the straw goes right through your ice cube.. you know it’s gonna be a good day
My kitchen before & after painting (OC)
Some nice symmetry under the Queensferry Crossing in Scotland.
This perfect pancake pyramid.
Monkey puzzle tree
My first photo with this majestic ball
Picture of oil and water.
Found near the tree swing
Model doing quick poses for a photo shoot.
Painting road markings
[OC] Timelapse cross stitching at 400x speed. This one is called Birds & Leaves
I smile when my dog smiles
This beautifully trimmed bush.
Disc cleaning at library.
Something a little different - when you maximize your buddy’s hearts.
The way these coiled cables lined up at my doctors appointment today.
Satisfying peel before breaking in the new pressure cooker
Odly satisfying taking tape of TV
Picking apart these seed ball thingies (Reddit force-rotated the video to portrait for some reason)
This Paper shuriken
They way these pipe sections fit.
Model Train Piercing Through The Snow On A Miniature Railway System
Chameleon 7-tone paint
Pencil sharpener that keeps the lead
The fractal-like flower buds on my basil plant
A new wood-burning technique!
Mandala Creation.
77 year old substitute teacher receives big gift from former student
The way these torches align
Magnet fidget (sound on)
I dont know what he is doing but its good
Reflections of sunlight on riverbed
Rainbows in my water glass
Look at how the pancake mix came out of the measuring cup. Its perfect.
Honey flowing out of the extractor. Satisfying and hypnotic! amberdrophoney Australia
This newly opened hazel nut spread put a smile on face the yesterday morning so I thought I’d share:)
Little street Cheerleader
This laser engraving (sound on)
Idk if this has been posted here yet, but here you go. Nice domino spiral gif.
Above Stove Grate Cleaning. Didn’t realize it was silver.
The cars at this dealership
This β my teacher wrote
The Mandalorian A91 [Art]
Random can and window at school today, felt good..
My washer and dryer syncing up
YouTube recommended videos line up nicely
I love ice so much
Effect achieved due to "wax resistance".
Empty train due to Covid (should be packed at this time)
This person cleaning the sidewalk
My most satisfying tomato swan
The shape of my fried egg aligned perfectly with the slice of sourdough toast (crosspost from r/mildlyinteresting
This photo of snowy pillows [OC]
My 3d mandala :)
The way it peels of so smoothly.
Armor simulation
The way this beluga’s head flub squishes
Good bois on a stick
The way the cake is decorated
how these triangles spin
Dyson Fan & balloon.
Chef's amazing food tossing skill
Dude's expression tho
This pasta sauce fits perfectly in the tub
Its a Re-upload in the right place
The sky looking from my house today (the orange-y bits are way pinker and the blue-y bits are way lighter in reality, sad I can’t capture it in camera)
Today’s palindromic date :)
The shadow on my dash during a car wash
The Sisyphus table is the first of its kind, a museum-quality kinetic art sculpture for your home
CA glue set itself in the bottle, came out a clear candy. (Buisness card for scale)
Pouring Hot Water On Skittles
Acrylic Paint Spread
Almost perfectly symmetrical liminal space; hotel hallway
Can you read this?
The layers of this passion flower
A satisfying plant I found in our vineyard
Watching my powdered creamer dissolve in my morning coffee
This knitted quilt
Our Landlord tried to blame us for damaging paint in our rental! Until I showed her this! Then she definitely blamed us.
Over-look/Under-look
The way this ice formed on the roof of my car.
The way the lint comes clean off
Watching items go through a shredder. [Mr . Machine]
The way half & half mixes with tea.
Perfect snow pillows on a mountain stream.
The most beautiful flower I have ever came across, It was right in front of my hotel room.
End to end double rainbows. Thanks.
The interesting shadow the light makes on the door. Credit to nowareroom
This pickup truck with what I believe is over 70 pallets stacked in the bed
cleaning the sidewalk
Spirograph rainbow in video
This is the first time something like this has happened to me :)
The way this ice is formed
My Ghost and Reaper pepper plants in artificial light.
50 years of carpark grime
Pulling protective film with sound
A table that a friend made for his daughter.
One ball wooden conveyer
Perfect lines in the snow
Some pens arrangements
Cleaning 16" of snow from the driveway
Perfect snowflake on this sleeve. Credit to Thenotsomuchblogger
Bubbles formed perfectly on the draining board look like little ball bearings
Spraying the first primer coat on a freshly sanded cabinet
Poppa Squatch - Funny song about bigfoot
Oozing Poached Ooofff
This picnic table I colored.
The way water doesn’t stick to this hot pan
His smile and positive energy are so satisfying
Gotta Go Fast - I Can't Stop Watching This For Some Reason
This perfectly round stone.
How’s aboot a non-digital rollover?
The stripe on building matches reflection on another building. Credit to u/HaJa1thefurrycat
Midnight snowfall filling up my deck
The sun reflecting off this kitchen faucet.
This plant I saw
Japanese Takoyaki
Oh, finally, perfectly balanced.
I Opened a gushers packet and it was only reds
Completely intact
This perfectly round potato
Waiting for all of the 5s 5️⃣5️⃣
Perfection from the whole team
Printing Amazon labels for our products. It just happened and I let it roll.
This iphone thing (sorry for extra noise)
The way they leave the water on all winter on this fountain in my town makes it look like an icy mountaintop
Someone at Tesco deserves a raise
Natural Colombian Emeralds
That good clean fit.
These clouds over Berlin today [OC]
I don't know what to write about it
Melting butter satisfaction
Paprika from seed to fruit
How my feed lined up today.
The Mandalorian A80 [Art][OC]
The way the coffee enters the milk (sorry about the quality)
The way this guy cleans windows
This perfectly round homemade pizza dough
Its oozly satisfying way this boat fuel flows out of this hole
Hope u guys are doing your best
How pitta bread gets its pocket
That wool socks on a wood floor sensation. Bliss.
Can’t really explain
My mum made this bread and it looks exactly like what you would se in an animated movie
Today was brushing day
Interesting loops
Heard you guys like welds. No second chances with brushed aluminium.
Just something about this
Layered sky during sunset
Red marble infinity zoom by Rubius Glass
Flawless sticker removal from jar
Painting a denim jacket
This sliding scrolling phone.
If birds had arms
Perfect YouTube Poll
Perfectly straight lines
The way this pottery plops down. And the noise it makes!
How to cut leaves next to energy line - If someone told me it was like that I would say it was a lie
How perfectly my keyboard fits into my desk
Infinite Loop using 2 watering cans
My girlfriends Ph.D project
The most oddly satisfying job on the farm. The way the fresh dirt contrasts previous passes and aligns perfectly!
My friend posted this on our discord and I thought I'd share it on here.
Mixing paint to make the matching color for a painting
The way my eggs lined up this morning
Back again with some satisfying welds
I just wrote what I think is the closest to a perfect ampersand I'll write for quite some time.
Three Hundred & Sixty
20 inch hand mowers at TPC Sawgrass
This TrackMania run
Breaking a Pretzel from Lidl Bakery (I love it!) My boyfriend filmed :)
Just saw a post of one that had 123456, so I thought you might like this as well
How this snow is laying on the wall
I cooked my egg to perfection
So much precision
Using Rain-X to restore a vintage Pokédex
The way these houses match the landscape. Credit to MienerAdam.
this perfect pancake I made today
That's so satisfying
The line on this bottle matches the water level inside it
The fact that bananas are trilaterally symmetrical. Credit to BadgerProf
Like a mirror or a reflection
Trimming 40 day dry aged beef
I can look at this all day long
The festive citrus display at this grocery store. Credit to Emilyle
The way this jar opened like a ying yang symbol. Credit to Detritus
A cutting edge technology...
The shadow from the roof ends at exactly the edge of the walkway. Credit to Hiphareddit
The way these soda cans fit in the box.
The pyramid of the walls in my room formed by shadows.
These Jenga Blocks that are stacked up. Credit to u/kelvin
Fluid dynamics: A dynamic equilibrium torus! From a documentary by famous astrophysicist Dr Nassim Haramein.
Don't touch my faaahdieodkxnbshsjdkd
Tulips in Holland. Not OC. Pic Credits to u/ChickenAndGin
The way the lines line up credit to u/spctaz
Sharpening pencils on sandpaper
These concentric rings on my freshly opened jar of Vegemite
Remember when life was simple and magical?
I can't stop staring at this endless hand!!
Shop vaccing a a slightly dusty air diffuser
For those pyromaniacs
Organized candy i did
Hope you have a good day or night
The way this person portals through the trampoline is quite nice
It's odd and it's satisfying hence oddly satisfying
[OC] Firework display 2019 BC
Watching an automatic embroidery machine
Super satisfying laser
Painting potted aloe.
The first time in 30 years that I've seen the tablespoons centered on a stick of butter
Pen being erased
Cracking ice on the side of the road
Giant vacuum cleaner
This perfect circle in dad's hard boiled egg
It fits so perfectly
A dash of colour.
Lost Dog found by Reddit
perfectionism at its finest
Hope me putting down wood filler is as satisfying to everyone else as it is to me
OC, while draining the pool cover we discovered the ice froze into hundreds of tubes!
Those pencil shavings are just...
Knocking over my kids cup tower. [OC]
This perfect boat flip
This circle animation on a coding program I'm currently using at uni
This egg/bread ratio found on r/HealthyFood
The painting of road signs
My car's fender's repair process after being scraped by a truck.
The way my egg fits perfectly in this plate
Video shows huge ice breaking away from Lake Michigan.
The way Youtube recommends me videos.
Made bread, made board, made kitchen.
Clear polymer balls
Panda enjoying his snack.
Giving the horse a bath.
Watch Ultra-Closeup Video of Sweat Glands on Fingertips
Happy Mar10 (Mario day)! Here’s a little Mario I made in the Procreate app today. Thanks for looking.
Before and after I cleaned the mop sink at my job
The way the mustard went onto this hotdog
A virtual glob editor
Oddly satisfying sand falling in Minecraft
The way cables neatly come out of this circuit breaker panel
Why is this so satisfying?
55,000 Glass Blocks Later... Survival End Build is Underway!
Vibrating salt at different frequency levels
This guy's background
Perfect vacuum marks
Adding final touches to this illustration
This bug in my game.
Removing dried paint from a bucket
Cleaning my brass Hookah
The back bones cracking
The cling wrap covering this bowl is just perfect
Hard boiling eggs
The ball goes up but doesn't come down.
The wiring on this panel box at my job site today
Machining a groove
My Tiktok things
New favorite art form. Pull and pluck foam cases on new gear day.
This fresh noodle machine
Guinea pig getting a haircut
Making handles on this glass vase
Some welding practice
Getting the foil out a here
I sid the best swirls on the ice cream at work today.
I don’t know why but this is so satisfying to me
The moment the polymer water ball is dropped.....
Mesmerising watercolour
Smoke Sessions - just a chill lil animation + some relaxed music
The way my girlfriend arranged our Erlenmeyer coin flask
Good till the last drop.
Credit to u/narranlaser. Found on r/powerwashingporn
I made this Wardrobe with Wrap Around Doors! (Tambour Doors)
Fixing a motorcycle radiator.
I can't stop watching...Hope you enjoy my calligraphy!!
Wish I could follow this!! Rubik’s cube.
Writing enigma in calligraphy
I could watch the sand do this all day...... so soothing......
Chicken slices fit perfectly on my bagel
Another puzzle we made
The sounds are my favourite
Spray on insulation
The way the trees fall over like dominoes
I cant be the only one that loves the noise of liquid pouring into a cup
Making an A from a pencil tip
The way he puts the pieces back ! It's magical and harmonious.
Is It Possible to Call a Phone into Epoxy Resin? | UWOODWORKER
This tattoo is sick af
Oddly satisfying spray foam insulation
Air Brush Calligraphy
Aluminium Iris, move smoothly
My friend playing the harp
This shop that sorts M&Ms by colour
The snow covering my moon roof after last evenings snow fall.
The snow outside
Listen to the sound of it hitting the water
Just makes you wanna lick it
Reverse flash flood of logs
SPIRAL | Inspired by a recent post here, i ended up making this.
Upsidedown reversed building demolition
Perfect fit for this complex tile cut! My first time doing floor tiling
The perfect way this tape peels off (my basement remodel DIY)
From r/chefsknifes
How symmetrical they paint this stone
The waterproofing on this pottery
This weird colored sky on our way home last fall, we were hiding from bad weather in Kodiak, AK.
Brick By Not So Boring Brick
Painting the sky blue. 2.5 hours condensed to 30 seconds. IG @matt.hodin
The way my blanket lines up with the vacuum cleaner
Drawing the scales on this snake
Fast and Furious : Monkey King Edition
Hand dance (don’t know what else to call it)
The way the ice falls back into formation at the end
Pasta making machine
The details in this tiny snowflake
The way the crystals and amethyst lined up in this necklace I made
Before and after cleaning an old oven. Pretty sure the previous renters never cleaned it.
The sound of chopping chocolate
They way the sun hit my bikes wheel reflectors just right
Just some olive oil I randomly added to a pan. Turned out like this; it oddly pleased me
When I opened up my 10 piece
This QR code I found at a roadhouse has a perfect comma
Well stacked oranges
Tossing Pastries
Idk if you can see but the sun and the shadow of my leg line up perfectly
Solder paste lay down
The coordination of the workers
Down-Town Strings , painting
The way the Demon Slayer books look from the back.
Cleaning a table top before applying finish.
Larry Marley makes these incredible kinetic sculptures from wood!
The magic bottle
Pankakes am I right? First post here.
The Model Train Spiral (not my own: https://youtu.be/wevbi_zEmxc)
Oil application on a cabinet commission
The crack on my creme brûlée
Timelapse Cross Stitch - Polaroid Pokemon Snaps
Black and White hand movements
this beach sand art
These pieces of wood sliding in place
The way this fridge door opens
Not sure why, just satisfying,
A drawing time lapse I did of Meghan Markle
The way this fridge opens
Beads creating a normal distribution, and then returning to their starting bin
a nice lake and a bench
Making coffee mugs
I finished a pen all the way.
How this towel fits im my washer
The way he cuts this pizza omg
The coordination and rhythm between these men hammering the rod
The Fig Newtons fit so perfectly in this box
The swirl of the milk in my coffee
The toast on my bagel
Guy making lots of satisfying trick-shots
A printing calculator printing stuff in slo-mo.
Gorgeous tourmaline 5 ct from Madagascar
Real picture of a really beautiful cabbage
Freehand painting some patterns on a piece of furniture
Removing tape from pottery
How the photo fits with the background
Satisfying hand tool carpentry from @encurtis
I’m a spray paint stencil artist and also utilize acrylic. Here’s my work from 2020!
My organised chalk pastels not the best but it’s okay
first post, can anyone else do this?
Live Mas They Said
Satisfying Scraping... Source: abe_haruya on Instagram
Classic all time family favourite
Peeling tape off white woodwork to reveal the Philadelphia cream wall paint line. This is in a 100+ year old house in Saint Paul, MN.
Peach blossom garden in Northen Viet Nam
Smooth fluid simulation
Black walnut burns at 9000 volts
Installing a hinge with hand tools
The chocolate sprinkles on this piece of bread
The petals on this Dahlia
Bathroom door fit
These small catos
Filling the Cartoon Network Logo!
Credit: boyakov2014 on Tiktok
Making a stoneware pottery bowl (full video in the comments)
Making of this vase
The seams in the process of new wallet.
Satisfying symmetry !!!
This cake's design is absolutely insane
I took the paint of my stone mantle piece and found it oddly satisfying
Big flash flood in utah filled with lots of logs
One of the biggest elephant toothpaste experiments.
Many explosions in wave pattern
Found a tree with a satisfying swirl pattern
The acoustics in my bathroom.
The way the other half of my lemon fits into this little dish.
Cat walking through its own footsteps in snow
This cardist’s tricks (@gianni_palumbo on tiktok)
New jar of peanut butter, wish it could look like that forever
The way the sun hits the bubbles.
Aerial shot of the Forbidden City in Beijing!
The way the car barely reaches the booster (OC)
After years of fumbling through deep shelves and never being able to find what I need, I have some proper spice racks.
Wrapping bales is so satisfying
Metronomes started randomly synchronize after a short period of time as they influence each other through the side-to-side motion of their shared base, a mechanical realization of the mathematical "Kuramoto model". Source: UCLA Physics & Astronomy
Dew on the ferns rachis.
Wintry layers of the Sea of Japan shoreline
i could watch this all day
Scraping paint from a bucket.
How wooden marbles are made
I opened a yogurt and the lid was clean!
The art of creating wooden marbles. A drill and a stick of wood is all thats needed. Now we wonder, how to make rock marbles...
Cleaning a dirty Horse
I just cut a tomate!
Hydraulic log splitter
Love a good produce section.
Sometimes it’s the small victories in life...
The melt on my veggie burger.
Workers hammering simultaneously
Simply Made Of Stardust
Hazelnut soufflés
My oil painting Pending, oil on canvas, 2020
A very nice imprint
It's the pigment for me
Building towers with sediment.
Watching my water bottle flash freeze due to the cold
Cartoon City Face - painting
Accidental Pasta Mosaic
Finishing the milk on the date of expiration
Round to of the amethyst wax magic
Roller cleaning, classic satisfying video.
The way the spring sun shining through the deck seating melts the snow in "waves"
The noise And the way it bounces Is a very nice noise
I love the ampersand (&) I wrote!
The coordination in these guys is amazing!
The vinegar in the oil c:
The noise and The coordination is perfect
This Tostitos scoop that didn’t get folded
Watching Food Fry is So Oddly Satisfying
The way this supermarket is organized
This lady can literally fold anything!!
Mulling Natural Pigment
An example of angular momentum
The rhythm of them putting in this nail
Looking up at the sky through my icy sunroof
Shuffling playing cards
This hummingbirds rainbow colours as light diffracts through its wings.
The way the water reflects onto the wall
Perfect...Bottle Knocked Through Wood...
I don't know why this tiny spoon shovel just makes me so happy. But it does. This pleases the crow brain.
perfectly timed and good harmony
The way my windshield freezes over after I use my wipers
Ice shining on a tree
I can do this all day
The way hes carving this wood (pause).
Russian spring , today is -13
Last 6 wine guns are black, everyone’s favourite
The slight red outline is very satisfying
I saw someone else’s perfect integral symbol and decided to post my perfect 2^6
Driveway Sealcoating - Broom Application
This frost formation on a van at my work
Roads in the Lake District are very bendy
Eggs waiting to be made into a frittata.
My perfect brace
How the sour cream landed on my tortilla
Power washing outdoor rug
It felt so good to do this...
Lego batcar stop motion (made by the Beyond the Brick youtube channel)
Cloud crashing into pikes peak in Colorado like waves in the ocean
Man With Chainsaw In The Woods
Coffee lines in my cup show satisfying sips
This letter a I wrote by complete accident
Oddly satisfied pan after breakfast
Wait for the sound...
Swiss Blue Topaz
The way this pancake turned out
The way this alkaloid dissolves in water under UV light [OC]
This burger I cut perfectly.
Watch someone transform a neglected tombstone
Filtering paint for chunky chunks
How symmetrical this flower is
This perfect five i wrote by accident (comparison above, where reads "1.54.1")
Update to my last post: More chips, baby.
The way this bullet folds as it is crushed.
Went to go get some food and noticed this
kinetic sculpture
This Perfect pattern in Ro-Chanics on Roblox (All by RNG, didnt get any others in the process)
This half coloured leaf (OC)
Crushing different kinds of items.
melting a corona bottle with style
there’s something about snowflakes in slow motion..
The way these 4 independent graphs lined up
This stone my friend once gave me. It almost looks photoshopped
The way this breakfast looks
Nhat Tan bridge in Ha Noi, Viet Nam
Process and details video for a little vampire dude I made in the Procreate app tonight. Thanks for looking.
Spinning light pattern hitting the part where the wall meets the ceiling
I got a cut in a perfect circle
A fresh opened pack of Oreos.
This perfect integral symbol i wrote on accident today
Pretty, Pink & Satisfying
The eggs I collected from my chickens
Flying above the cloud deck in a commercial airliner
This guy and his dad singing about chicken
Pure satisfaction of industrial floor scrubbers
I am finishing my bedframe and decided to take a video of this!
Vacuuming the room after sanding drywall mud.
Flowers within flowers on my Hoya plant
I could watch this amethyst wax all day
This is very satisfying
Slow motion internal shot of my compressed air powered, 3D printed Rotary Engine
Magnet rotating down a pole
The way these waves gently roll away from this melting snow
This Family House In Sevilla Made Of Recycled Shipping Containers by Alejandro Martín Torrente
Finished this mammoth size decking!
This stack of tape rolls at work
The way each piece leads into the next
This rainbow wall of candles!
Hello! Yesterday I uploaded a snippet of this piece and someone asked me to show the full thing, so here you go!
Cleaning my grim vans
Everything about this is neat! The lines, the pour, the legwork!
The way it’s just halfway after my son was done playing
And the dummy prof back
The my daughter’s puzzle was packed
Sooshi rolls go brrr
Watch @ChrisFix on YouTube explain how to clean dirty floor mats!
The sound of These mushrooms I found in the forest
The Majestic Calving of Coffee Creamer
This Perfect Hexagram Patch
Peeling off the stencil after I've blued a sword blade.
Breaking ice with boots
Meta Satisfaction
Satisfying woodwork (not OC)
The way the Nilla wafers connect between boxes.
I can't stop thinking about this tray of mini blackberry tarts we made at work this week.
Painting road signs
Trimming coupons from parent sheet
Love how the stars are machined!
My hair after a hair modeling gig
Pineapple Treatment
MMIW Missing and Murder Indigenous Women
My cereal aligned perfectly
This mochi packaging
This satisfying shadow patern in my parents house.
Painting with magic water
I thought this worm was nice
Hi this is Mr. Makes butt jokes.
Filling a Vape Cartridge
Making a quick cleat hitch to tie off a boat
Probably the quickest you can draw a circle
My niece's 1st birthday cake.
Handcrafted pot maker
Tree root growing regardless of obstacles
Chisel vs Wood. Satisfying
these two customers asked for the same thing (virtual restaurant)
The sauce drip on this dish
Steam coming off my breakfast coffee
Couple maneuvers
Removing old finish from cabinets
Malachite looks fuzzy on the inside
When you get quacks in the ice.
Repost of my guinea pigs crunching some lettuce for you!
Twisting Steel For Decoration....
Love seeing these at the grocery store then shaking them up
Satisfying animation
The way she moves her back is mesmerizing! (Alyssa Cebulski, Martha Graham Dance)
A geometrically perfect cake made by Dinara
The straight borders of Brazil in 1534
Slightly cooled syrup
Finished this mammoth size decking!
This lever arm actuator is oddly satisfying.
dancing trees seen from above
I Made Log Cabin With Mini Wood Handmade Logs | UWOODWORKINGPROJECTS
The proximity of my shower door and the bathroom sink
The colour inside these drops
The sand reflecting the sun as the water retreats (Maui, Hawaii)
NGC 602 shows there might be a newborn in space
Liquid green screen
Adding a Nautilus design to a coffee pourover
Just made this Samurai Helmet Origami for a Japanese friend that i met
These dots going around their respective geometric shape
[OC] Timelapse Cross Stitch - Game Joystick x700 speed
[OC] Saying outloud the name of this fish; A Post Larval Stage Juvenile Trunk-Fish
Marilyn in a single stroke
Suspension at work
Cleaning my new house
Clean swerve in sleeping dogs
This miniature plane in a large model of New York
One of my most meticulously made digital drawings .
At home rave with the kids! N tss n tss n tss
Wet Wood - Slow mo vid of log being split with 35 ton press and water being forced out before reabsorbing
My dad and I fixed a bumper on an rv!
Hydrophobic fabric
Sooo smoooooooth
This incredibly cinematic well done single take cutscene from Batman Arkham Knight
Close up of one of my pieces while drying
i finished my college assignment today and i couldn't stop looking at it so i thought i'd share it here
Horse pulling stuck car free.
loading a roll of film into my camera
Another apple tart (this ones a little smaller)
These balls of dough
As if we baked it to fit
ESP Black Metal Series
ANOTHER way that I warm my tortillas.( check profile for the first one)
Scraping hard water deposits off my glass shower walls.
Agave greenhouse
The Way This Man Ties a Knot
Destroying that office stapler that has caused you nothing but greif.
Rolling spheres of darkness and light
The way these Hangers are organized at dollarama
Freshly cut garlic
How perfectly smooth and creamy these mashed potatoes I made are
The way this truck was loaded
I know it sucks for him but damn that's smooth. (stack smoothly runs off his pallet truck)
Pringles lid fits perfectly on this glass
the clock app at 00:00
Saw this in r/mildlyinfuriating and it was oddly satisfying
Pulling out Reemay fabric for crop frost protection
So perfect, like a little cheese wheel
Texas these days
I stopped my stopwatch at exactly one second
Canadian Home-boni
Ice on Lake Michigan at Sunset
The painting of this starry night pot.
Electricity flowing through a wet wood
This is the resurrection plant which curls up in desert conditions and reopens when it comes in contact with water. Amazing!
Satisfying wood turning
Perfectly foamed and poured milk foam
Olive oil being poured
Idk what about this, but it looks really nice
How neatly can you do this : A chefs perspective!
A year ago I modelled an egg. Now seems that something has hatched :)
I don’t even know what this is but I like it
Oddly Satisfying Snow Cleaning
Cut some firewood today
Glossy orange leaf
I've discovered the perfect way to melt a stick of butter in the microwave, and the internet must know.
This oddly satisfying shoe stack
Vintage coin sorter
The way my almond milk pours over my protein powder.
Paint being mixed into a spiraling black hole!
Dandelion seedheads are water resistant
These sand balls.
Satisfyingly fluffy
Winter caterpillar ...UK Feb 2021
Completely unintentional improbability
Winter is going.
Pool filled to the brim
Plating chocolate dessert with rocher(quenelle) technique
Got the chance to make the kombucha shelf pretty at work yesterday
This mascot I designed for my music.
Swinging with burning steel wool
The way the water makes a star pattern in this sink at work
The way this egg art is created...
So smooth I could not help but share it here. What does this remind you of?
This wood stack I came across
I organised my felt stash
The ice here in Stockholm sweden
Cutting a squishy ball
The way these chops fit
SloMo Ballon Pooping Revealing Flour Inside
spin art. process more satisfying than product
This coffee settling down
How I’ve been wasting time in quarantine
Destroying an oven glass plate with a stone
Leather armour gradient in Minecraft
Bus drifting in GTA
Spraying clean a dirty horse
Blacksmith-Hotdog
Found this on Instagram
The Steam Coming Off My Earl Grey This Morning
This car mat being deep cleaned
Morning sunlight thru old glass window landing on wall...
The vortex shadow from my aquarium circulation pump. Oddlysatisfying.
I’m like Thanos but for empty pens!!
Playing with a dolphin
yogurt that did not stick to the lid,literally perfect
Perfectly straight tree roots
A perfect fit seen in r/nononoyes
Hand painted tile (kibak_tile)
Pattern formed by beautifully aligned leaves! Almost looks like an illusion!
A beautiful swirl of toothpaste to start the day!
The way this hibiscus bud is opening
First gif hope it works, satisfying wrap
This minecraft toy.
Slow Motion TIG Welding
Dell tower with film from 2014 (OC)
The way the machine cuts the wood so neatly!
This goalkeeper training
How the water is slightly above the rim
My co-workers whorl is shaped like a perfect hurricane.
The way my McDonald’s organized nuggies for my cake day.
Bursting Egg Yolks
Pen Plotter Drawing
Cleaning the lint from the dryer vent.
The way the clouds move
20 seconds of peeling plastic cover off tile, with audio
He is a real life Disney princess
This super slow mo video I took with my galaxy s21
Got a quote for $4000 to remove the popcorn ceiling in my new house. Talked to a friend, he said nah I can do it for you.
The way it expands
First post. Found a very satisfying phone game.
The switch of colours is beautiful
This pump of conditioner
These light beams at golden hour are always mesmerizing
The sound of the engraving robot
Deep Nostalgia Mona Lisa.
mesmerizing light sequence
Apple tart CUTTING
Riding in painted taxi
Freshly made pasta
What’s oddly satisfying about this swept pile to me is how it combines so many activities from my life with my kids and hamsters
Painting mushrooms with watercolors (OC)
The way the sky looks after a good day of riding snowmobiles. Better than my last post. This is in Westminster, Vermont.
This pattern out of snow on a patio table
Hazelnut Opera cake
So Imagine a Bus.. (Super Mario Bros 1 visual explanation of the 'Framerule' system)
Going through a car wash.
[OC] Rubik's Cloud
Threading the needle
Cutting board soaking in mineral oil.
The way the farms in this polish village are arranged
Baseball bat tricks
Handheld laser welding machine.
Carving out that last bit of flat bottom. [OC]
Flower petals pattern of growth
Donald O’Connor’s transition between sets
A video that is designed to create a natural hallucination based on the motion arteffect
Recently came across these coffee making videos on Instagram and they're sooo soothing
The Colors are Beautiful (Sorry about the background noise)
How cookie cutters are made
Cat intently watches surgery performed on her favorite toy
This duct tape fits perfectly in my fat tire bike rim.
The perfect alignment of his tie's stripes.
35,000 Snow Blocks down... 55,000+ Glass Blocks to go!
The way the suds set.
This is so satisfying.this is running water!
Sausage sandwich
The F-35 transitioning to taxi
So flipping clean love this ¶w¶
